A strange seed was
planted on its
back at birth.The plant sprouts
and grows with
this POKéMON.::::When the bulb on
its back grows
large, it appearsto lose the
ability to stand
on its hind legs.::::The plant blooms
when it is
absorbing solarenergy. It stays
on the move to
seek sunlight.::::Obviously prefers
hot places. When
it rains, steamis said to spout
from the tip of
its tail.::::When it swings
its burning tail,
it elevates thetemperature to
unbearably high
levels.::::Spits fire that
is hot enough to
melt boulders.Known to cause
forest fires
unintentionally.::::Shoots water at
prey while in the
water.Withdraws into
its shell when in
danger.::::When tapped, this
POKéMON will pull
in its head, butits tail will
still stick out a
little bit.::::It deliberately
makes itself heavy
so it can with­stand the recoil
of the water jets
it fires.::::It releases a stench from its red
antenna to repel enemies. It
grows by molting repeatedly.::::This POKéMON is
vulnerable to
attack while itsshell is soft,
exposing its weak
and tender body.::::In battle, it
flaps its wings
at high speed torelease highly
toxic dust into
the air.::::Often found in
forests, eating
leaves.It has a sharp
venomous stinger
on its head.::::Almost incapable
of moving, this
POKéMON can onlyharden its shell
to protect itself
from predators.::::Flies at high
speed and attacks
using its largevenomous stingers
on its forelegs
and tail.::::A common sight in
forests and woods.
It flaps itswings at ground
level to kick up
blinding sand.::::Very protective
of its sprawling
territorial area,this POKéMON will
fiercely peck at
any intruder.::::When hunting, it
skims the surface
of water at highspeed to pick off
unwary prey such
as MAGIKARP.::::Bites anything
when it attacks.
Small and veryquick, it is a
common sight in
many places.::::It uses its whis­
kers to maintain
its balance.It apparently
slows down if
they are cut off.::::Eats bugs in
grassy areas. It
has to flap itsshort wings at
high speed to
stay airborne.::::With its huge and
magnificent wings,
it can keep aloftwithout ever
having to land
for rest.::::Moves silently
and stealthily.
Eats the eggs ofbirds, such as
PIDGEY and
SPEAROW, whole.::::It is rumored that
the ferocious
warning markingson its belly
differ from area
to area.::::When several of
these POKéMON
gather, theirelectricity could
build and cause
lightning storms.::::Its tail discharges electricity into
the ground, protecting it from
getting shocked.::::Burrows deep
underground in
arid locationsfar from water.
It only emerges
to hunt for food.::::Curls up into a
spiny ball when
threatened. Itcan roll while
curled up to
attack or escape.::::Although small,
its venomous
barbs render thisPOKéMON dangerous.
The female has
smaller horns.::::The female's horn
develops slowly.
Prefers physicalattacks such as
clawing and
biting.::::Its hard scales
provide strong
protection. Ituses its hefty
bulk to execute
powerful moves.::::Stiffens its ears
to sense danger.
The larger itshorns, the more
powerful its
secreted venom.::::An aggressive
POKéMON that is
quick to attack.The horn on its
head secretes a
powerful venom.::::One swing of its mighty tail can
snap a telephone pole as if it were
a matchstick.::::Its magical and
cute appeal has
many admirers.It is rare and
found only in
certain areas.::::A timid fairy
POKéMON that is
rarely seen. Itwill run and hide
the moment it
senses people.::::At the time of
birth, it has
just one tail.The tail splits
from its tip as
it grows older.::::Very smart and
very vengeful.
Grabbing one ofits many tails
could result in a
1000-year curse.::::When its huge eyes
light up, it sings
a mysteriouslysoothing melody
that lulls its
enemies to sleep.::::The body is soft
and rubbery. When
angered, it willsuck in air and
inflate itself to
an enormous size.::::Forms colonies in
perpetually dark
places. Usesultrasonic waves
to identify and
approach targets.::::Once it strikes,
it will not stop
draining energyfrom the victim
even if it gets
too heavy to fly.::::During the day,
it keeps its face
buried in theground. At night,
it wanders around
sowing its seeds.::::It secretes a
sticky, drool-like
honey. Althoughsweet, it smells
too repulsive to
get very close.::::It has the world's
largest petals.
With every step,the petals shake
out heavy clouds
of toxic pollen.::::Burrows to suck
tree roots. The
mushrooms on itsback grow by draw­
ing nutrients from
the bug host.::::A host-parasite
pair in which the
parasite mushroomhas taken over the
host bug. Prefers
damp places.::::Lives in the
shadows of tall
trees where iteats insects. It
is attracted by
light at night.::::The dust-like
scales covering
its wings arecolor coded to
indicate the kinds
of poison it has.::::Lives about one
yard underground
where it feeds onplant roots. It
sometimes appears
above ground.::::A team of DIGLETT
triplets.
It triggers hugeearthquakes by
burrowing 60 miles
underground.::::Adores circular
objects. Wanders
the streets on anightly basis to
look for dropped
loose change.::::Although its fur
has many admirers,
it is tough toraise as a pet
because of its
fickle meanness.::::While lulling its
enemies with its
vacant look, thiswily POKéMON will
use psychokinetic
powers.::::Often seen swim­
ming elegantly by
lake shores. Itis often mistaken
for the Japanese
monster, Kappa.::::Extremely quick to
anger. It could
be docile onemoment then
thrashing away
the next instant.::::Always furious
and tenacious to
boot. It will notabandon chasing
its quarry until
it is caught.::::Very protective
of its territory.
It will bark andbite to repel
intruders from
its space.::::A POKéMON that
has been admired
since the pastfor its beauty.
It runs agilely
as if on wings.::::Its newly grown
legs prevent it
from running. Itappears to prefer
swimming than
trying to stand.::::Capable of living
in or out of
water. When outof water, it
sweats to keep
its body slimy.::::An adept swimmer
at both the front
crawl and breaststroke. Easily
overtakes the best
human swimmers.::::Using its ability
to read minds, it
will identifyimpending danger
and TELEPORT to
safety.::::It emits special
alpha waves from
its body thatinduce headaches
just by being
close by.::::Its brain can out­
perform a super­
computer.Its intelligence
quotient is said
to be 5,000.::::Loves to build
its muscles.
It trains in allstyles of martial
arts to become
even stronger.::::Its muscular body
is so powerful, it
must wear a powersave belt to be
able to regulate
its motions.::::Using its heavy
muscles, it throws
powerful punchesthat can send the
victim clear over
the horizon.::::Even though its body is extremely
skinny, it is blindingly fast
when catching its prey.::::It spits out
POISONPOWDER to
immobilize theenemy and then
finishes it with
a spray of ACID.::::Said to live in
huge colonies
deep in jungles,although no one
has ever returned
from there.::::Drifts in shallow
seas. Anglers who
hook them byaccident are
often punished by
its stinging acid.::::The tentacles are
normally kept
short. On hunts,they are extended
to ensnare and
immobilize prey.::::Found in fields
and mountains.
Mistaking themfor boulders,
people often step
or trip on them.::::Rolls down slopes
to move. It rolls
over any obstaclewithout slowing
or changing its
direction.::::Its boulder-like
body is extremely
hard. It caneasily withstand
dynamite blasts
without damage.::::Its hooves are 10
times harder than
diamonds. It cantrample anything
completely flat
in little time.::::Very competitive,
this POKéMON will
chase anythingthat moves fast
in the hopes of
racing it.::::Incredibly slow
and dopey. It
takes 5 secondsfor it to feel
pain when under
attack.::::The SHELLDER that
is latched onto
SLOWPOKE's tailis said to feed
on the host's left
over scraps.::::Uses anti-gravity
to stay suspended.
Appears withoutwarning and uses
THUNDER WAVE and
similar moves.::::Formed by several
MAGNEMITEs linked
together. Theyfrequently appear
when sunspots
flare up.::::The sprig of
green onions it
holds is itsweapon. It is
used much like a
metal sword.::::A bird that makes
up for its poor
flying with itsfast foot speed.
Leaves giant
footprints.::::Uses its three
brains to execute
complex plans.While two heads
sleep, one head
stays awake.::::The protruding
horn on its head
is very hard.It is used for
bashing through
thick ice.::::Stores thermal
energy in its
body. Swims at asteady 8 knots
even in intensely
cold waters.::::Appears in filthy
areas. Thrives by
sucking uppolluted sludge
that is pumped
out of factories.::::Thickly covered
with a filthy,
vile sludge. Itis so toxic, even
its footprints
contain poison.::::Its hard shell
repels any kind
of attack.It is vulnerable
only when its
shell is open.::::CLOYSTER that live
in seas with harsh
tidal currentsgrow large, sharp
spikes on their
shells.::::Almost invisible,
this gaseous
POKéMON cloaksthe target and
puts it to sleep
without notice.::::Because of its
ability to slip
through blockwalls, it is said
to be from an­
other dimension.::::Under a full moon,
this POKéMON
likes to mimicthe shadows of
people and laugh
at their fright.::::As it grows, the
stone portions of
its body hardento become similar
to a diamond, but
colored black.::::Puts enemies to
sleep then eats
their dreams.Occasionally gets
sick from eating
bad dreams.::::When it locks eyes
with an enemy, it
will use a mix ofPSI moves such as
HYPNOSIS and
CONFUSION.::::Its pincers are
not only powerful
weapons, they areused for balance
when walking
sideways.::::The large pincer
has 10000 hp of
crushing power.However, its huge
size makes it
unwieldy to use.::::Usually found in
power plants.
Easily mistakenfor a POKé BALL,
they have zapped
many people.::::It stores electric
energy under very
high pressure.It often explodes
with little or no
provocation.::::Often mistaken
for eggs.
When disturbed,they quickly
gather and attack
in swarms.::::Legend has it that
on rare occasions,
one of its headswill drop off and
continue on as an
EXEGGCUTE.::::Because it never
removes its skull
helmet, no onehas ever seen
this POKéMON's
real face.::::The bone it holds
is its key weapon.
It throws thebone skillfully
like a boomerang
to KO targets.::::When in a hurry,
its legs lengthen
progressively.It runs smoothly
with extra long,
loping strides.::::While apparently
doing nothing, it
fires punches inlightning fast
volleys that are
impossible to see.::::Its tongue can be
extended like a
chameleon's. Itleaves a tingling
sensation when it
licks enemies.::::Because it stores
several kinds of
toxic gases inits body, it is
prone to exploding
without warning.::::Where two kinds
of poison gases
meet, 2 KOFFINGscan fuse into a
WEEZING over many
years.::::Its massive bones
are 1000 times
harder than humanbones. It can
easily knock a
trailer flying.::::Protected by an
armor-like hide,
it is capable ofliving in molten
lava of 3,600
degrees.::::A rare and elusive
POKéMON that is
said to bringhappiness to those
who manage to get
it.::::The whole body is
swathed with wide
vines that aresimilar to sea­
weed. Its vines
shake as it walks.::::The infant rarely
ventures out of
its mother'sprotective pouch
until it is 3
years old.::::Known to shoot
down flying bugs
with precisionblasts of ink
from the surface
of the water.::::Capable of swim­
ming backwards by
rapidly flappingits wing-like
pectoral fins and
stout tail.::::Its tail fin
billows like an
elegant ballroomdress, giving it
the nickname of
the Water Queen.::::In the autumn
spawning season,
they can be seenswimming power­
fully up rivers
and creeks.::::An enigmatic
POKéMON that can
effortlesslyregenerate any
appendage it
loses in battle.::::Its central core
glows with the
seven colors ofthe rainbow. Some
people value the
core as a gem.::::If interrupted
while it is
miming, it willslap around the
offender with its
broad hands.::::With ninja-like
agility and speed,
it can create theillusion that
there is more
than one.::::Its cries sound like human speech.
However, it is impossible to tell
what it is trying to say.::::Normally found
near power plants,
they can wanderaway and cause
major blackouts
in cities.::::Its body always
burns with an
orange glow thatenables it to
hide perfectly
among flames.::::If it fails to
crush the victim
in its pincers,it will swing it
around and toss
it hard.::::When it targets
an enemy, it
charges furiouslywhile whipping its
body with its
long tails.::::In the distant
past, it was
somewhat strongerthan the horribly
weak descendants
that exist today.::::Rarely seen in
the wild. Huge
and vicious, itis capable of
destroying entire
cities in a rage.::::A POKéMON that
has been over­
hunted almost toextinction. It
can ferry people
across the water.::::It can freely recombine its own cellular structure to
transform into other life-forms.::::Its genetic code
is irregular.
It may mutate ifit is exposed to
radiation from
element STONEs.::::Lives close to
water. Its long
tail is ridgedwith a fin which
is often mistaken
for a mermaid's.::::It accumulates
negative ions in
the atmosphere toblast out 10000-
volt lightning
bolts.::::When storing
thermal energy in
its body, itstemperature could
soar to over 1600
degrees.::::A POKéMON that
consists entirely
of programmingcode. Capable of
moving freely in
cyberspace.::::Although long
extinct, in rare
cases, it can begenetically
resurrected from
fossils.::::Apparently, it
cracked SHELLDER's
shell with itssharp fangs and
sucked out the
insides.::::A POKéMON that
was resurrected
from a fossilfound in what was
once the ocean
floor eons ago.::::Its sleek shape is
perfect for swim­
ming. It slashesprey with its
claws and drains
the body fluids.::::A ferocious, pre­
historic POKéMON
that goes for theenemy's throat
with its serrated
saw-like fangs.::::Very lazy. Just
eats and sleeps.
As its rotundbulk builds, it
becomes steadily
more slothful.::::A legendary bird
POKéMON that is
said to appear todoomed people who
are lost in icy
mountains.::::A legendary bird
POKéMON that is
said to appearfrom clouds while
dropping enormous
lightning bolts.::::It is said to be the legendary bird Pokémon of fire.
Every flap of its wings creates a dazzling flare
of flames.::::Long considered a
mythical POKéMON
until recentlywhen a small
colony was found
living underwater.::::A mystical POKéMON
that exudes a
gentle aura.Has the ability
to change climate
conditions.::::An extremely
rarely seen
marine POKéMON.Its intelligence
is said to match
that of humans.::::It was created by
a scientist after
years of horrificgene splicing and
DNA engineering
experiments.::::So rare that it
is still said to
be a mirage bymany experts. Only
a few people have
seen it worldwide.::::A sweet aroma
gently wafts from
the leaf on itshead. It is docile
and loves to soak
up the sun's rays.::::The buds that ring its neck give off a spicy aroma
that perks people up.::::The aroma that
rises from its
petals contains asubstance that
calms aggressive
feelings.::::It is timid, and
always curls it­
self up in a ball.If attacked, it
flares up its back
for protection.::::Be careful if it
turns its back
during battle. Itmeans that it will
attack with the
fire on its back.::::If its rage peaks,
it becomes so hot
that anything thattouches it will
instantly go
up in flames.::::Its well-developed
jaws are powerful
and capable ofcrushing anything.
Even its trainer
must be careful.::::If it loses a
fang, a new one
grows back in itsplace. There are
always 48 fangs
lining its mouth.::::When it bites with
its massive and
powerful jaws, itshakes its head
and savagely tears
its victim up.::::A very cautious
POKéMON, it raises
itself up usingits tail to get a
better view of its
surroundings.::::The mother puts its offspring to
sleep by curling up around them.
It corners foes with speed.::::It always stands on one foot.
It changes feet so fast,
the movement can rarely be seen.::::Its eyes are
specially adapted.
They concentrateeven faint light
and enable it to
see in the dark.::::It is very timid.
It will be afraid
to move if it isalone. But it will
be active if it is
in a group.::::When the stars
flicker in the
night sky, itflutters about,
scattering a
glowing powder.::::It lies still in
the same pose for
days in its web,waiting for its
unsuspecting prey
to wander close.::::It spins string
not only from its
rear but also fromits mouth. It is
hard to tell which
end is which.::::It flies so si­
lently through the
dark on its fourwings that it may
not be noticed
even when nearby.::::It shoots positive
and negative elec­
tricity betweenthe tips of its
two antennae and
zaps its enemies.::::The light it emits
is so bright that
it can illuminatethe sea's surface
from a depth of
over three miles.::::It is not yet
skilled at storing
electricity.It may send out a
jolt if amused
or startled.::::According to local rumors, Cleffa are often seen
in places where shooting stars have fallen.::::It has a very soft
body. If it starts
to roll, it willbounce all over
and be impossible
to stop.::::The shell seems to
be filled with
joy. It is saidthat it will share
good luck when
treated kindly.::::They say that it
will appear before
kindhearted, car­ing people and
shower them with
happiness.::::Because its wings
aren't yet fully
grown, it has tohop to get around.
It is always star­
ing at something.::::They say that it
stays still and
quiet because itis seeing both the
past and future at
the same time.::::If static elec­
tricity builds in
its body, itsfleece doubles in
volume. Touching
it will shock you.::::As a result of
storing too much
electricity, itdeveloped patches
where even downy
wool won't grow.::::The tail's tip
shines brightly
and can be seenfrom far away. It
acts as a beacon
for lost people.::::BELLOSSOM gather
at times and
appear to dance.They say that the
dance is a ritual
to summon the sun.::::The tip of its
tail, which con­
tains oil that islighter than wa­
ter, lets it swim
without drowning.::::By keeping still
and listening in­
tently, it cantell what is in
even wild, fast-
moving rivers.::::Although it always
pretends to be a
tree, its composi­tion appears to be
closer to a rock
than a plant.::::If POLIWAG and
POLIWHIRL hear its
echoing cry, theyrespond by gather­
ing from far and
wide.::::To keep from being
blown away by the
wind, they gatherin clusters. They
do enjoy gentle
breezes, though.::::The bloom on top
of its head opens
and closes as thetemperature fluc­
tuates up and
down.::::Once it catches
the wind, it deft­
ly controls itscotton-puff spores
to float, even
around the world.::::Its tail is so
powerful that it
can use it to graba tree branch and
hold itself up in
the air.::::It may drop out of
the sky suddenly.
If attacked by aSPEAROW, it will
violently shake
its leaves.::::It converts sun­
light into energy.
In the darknessafter sunset, it
closes its petals
and becomes still.::::If it flaps its
wings really fast,
it can generateshock waves that
will shatter win­
dows in the area.::::This POKéMON lives
in cold water. It
will leave thewater to search
for food when it
gets cold outside.::::This carefree
POKéMON has an
easy-going nature.While swimming, it
always bumps into
boat hulls.::::It uses the fine
hair that covers
its body to senseair currents and
predict its ene­
my's actions.::::When agitated,
this POKéMON pro­
tects itself byspraying poisonous
sweat from its
pores.::::Feared and loathed
by many, it is
believed to bringmisfortune to all
those who see it
at night.::::It has incredible
intellect and in­
tuition. Whateverthe situation, it
remains calm and
collected.::::It likes playing
mischievous tricks
such as screamingand wailing to
startle people at
night.::::Its flat, thin body is always
stuck on walls. Its shape appears
to have some meaning.::::It hates light and
shock. If attack­
ed, it inflatesits body to pump
up its counter­
strike.::::Its tail has a
small brain of its
own. Beware! Ifyou get close, it
may react to your
scent and bite.::::It likes to make
its shell thicker
by adding layersof tree bark. The
additional weight
doesn't bother it.::::Its entire body is
shielded by a
steel-hard shell.What lurks inside
the armor is a
total mystery.::::DUNSPARCE has a drill for its tail.
It uses this tail to burrow into the
ground backwards.This POKéMON is known to make its nest
in complex shapes deep under the
ground.::::It flies straight at its target’s face,
then clamps down on the startled
victim to inject poison.::::Its body has been
compressed deep
under the ground.As a result, it is
even harder than a
diamond.::::Although it looks
frightening, it is
actually kind andaffectionate. It
is very popular
among women.::::It is actually
timid and easily
spooked. If at­tacked, it flails
about to fend off
its attacker.::::To fire its poison
spikes, it must
inflate its bodyby drinking over
2.6 gallons of
water all at once.::::It swings its eye-
patterned pincers
up to scare itsfoes. This makes
it look like it
has three heads.::::The BERRIES it
stores in its
vase-like shelldecompose and
become a gooey
liquid.::::This powerful
POKéMON thrusts
its prized hornunder its enemies’
bellies then lifts
and throws them.::::Its paws conceal
sharp claws. If
attacked, it sud­denly extends the
claws and startles
its enemy.::::If it finds honey,
its crescent mark
glows. It alwayslicks its paws
because they are
soaked with honey.::::Although it is a
good climber, it
prefers to snaptrees with its
forelegs and eat
fallen BERRIES.::::Its body is made of magma.
If it doesn’t keep moving, its
body will cool and harden.::::The shell on its
back is just skin
that has cooledand hardened. It
breaks easily with
a slight touch.::::It rubs its snout
on the ground to
find and dig upfood. It sometimes
discovers hot
springs.::::Because the long
hair all over its
body obscures itssight, it just
keeps charging
repeatedly.::::It continuously
sheds and grows.
The tip of itshead is prized as
a treasure for its
beauty.::::It squirts water forcefully from
its mouth to shoot down flying
prey.::::It traps enemies
with its suction-
cupped tentaclesthen smashes them
with its rock-hard
head.::::It carries food
all day long.
There are talesabout lost people
who were saved by
the food it had.::::As it majestically
swims, it doesn't
care if REMORAIDattach to it for
scavenging its
leftovers.::::Its sturdy wings
look heavy, but
they are actuallyhollow and light,
allowing it to fly
freely in the sky.::::It uses different
kinds of cries for
communicating withothers of its kind
and for pursuing
its prey.::::If you are burned
by the flames it
shoots from itsmouth, the pain
will never go
away.::::It is said that it
usually hides in
underwater caves.It can create
whirlpools by
yawning.::::It swings its long
snout around play­
fully, but becauseit is so strong,
that can be dan­
gerous.::::It has sharp, hard
tusks and a rugged
hide. Its TACKLEis strong enough
to knock down a
house.::::This upgraded
version of PORYGON
is designed forspace exploration.
It can't fly,
though.::::Those who stare at its antlers will
gradually lose control of their
senses and be unable to stand.::::A special fluid
oozes from the tip
of its tail. Itpaints the fluid
everywhere to mark
its territory.::::It is always
bursting with en­
ergy. To make it­self stronger, it
keeps on fighting
even if it loses.::::If you become
enchanted by its
smooth, elegant,dance-like kicks,
you may get
drilled hard.::::Its lips are the
most sensitive
parts on its body.It always uses its
lips first to
examine things.::::It generates electricity by whirling its arms.
However, it can’t store the energy it makes.::::Each and every
time it inhales
and exhales, hotembers dribble out
of its mouth and
nostrils.::::Its milk is packed
with nutrition,
making it theultimate beverage
for the sick or
weary.::::Anyone who takes
even one bite of
BLISSEY's egg be­comes unfailingly
caring and pleas­
ant to everyone.::::The rain clouds it
carries let it
fire thunderboltsat will. They say
that it descended
with lightning.::::Volcanoes erupt
when it barks. Un­
able to restrainits extreme power,
it races headlong
around the land.::::Said to be the
reincarnation of
north winds, itcan instantly
purify filthy,
murky water.::::It feeds on soil.
After it has eaten
a large mountain,it will fall
asleep so it can
grow.::::Its shell is as
hard as sheet
rock, and it isalso very strong.
Its THRASHING can
topple a mountain.::::Its body can't be
harmed by any sort
of attack, so itis very eager to
make challenges
against enemies.::::It is said that it
quietly spends its
time deep at thebottom of the sea
because its powers
are too strong.::::Legends claim this
POKéMON flies the
world's skies con­tinuously on its
magnificent seven-
colored wings.::::This POKéMON wan­
ders across time.
Grass and treesflourish in the
forests in which
it has appeared.::::TREECKO has small hooks on the bottom
of its feet that enable it to scale
vertical walls.This POKéMON attacks by slamming foes
with its thick tail.::::The leaves growing out of GROVYLE’s
body are convenient for camouflaging
it from enemies in the forest.This POKéMON is a master at climbing
trees in jungles.::::The leaves growing on SCEPTILE’s body
are very sharp edged. This POKéMON is
very agile - it leaps all over thebranches of trees and jumps on its foe
from above or behind.::::TORCHIC sticks with its TRAINER,
following behind with unsteady
steps.This POKéMON breathes fire of over
1,800 degrees F, including fireballs
that leave the foe scorched black.::::COMBUSKEN toughens up its legs and
thighs by running through fields and
mountains.This POKéMON’s legs possess both speed
and power, enabling it to dole out ten
kicks in one second.::::In battle, BLAZIKEN blows out intense
flames from its wrists and attacks foes
courageously.The stronger the foe, the more
intensely this POKéMON’s wrists burn.::::The fin on MUDKIP’s head acts as highly
sensitive radar. Using this fin to sense
movements of water and air, thisPOKéMON can determine what is taking
place around it without using its eyes.::::The surface of MARSHTOMP’s body is
enveloped by a thin, sticky film that
enables it to live on land.This POKéMON plays in mud on beaches
when the ocean tide is low.::::SWAMPERT is very strong. It has enough
power to easily drag a boulder weighing
more than a ton.This POKéMON also has powerful vision
that lets it see even in murky water.::::At first sight, POOCHYENA takes a bite
at anything that moves.
This POKéMON chases after prey untilthe victim becomes exhausted.
However, it may turn tail if the prey
strikes back.::::MIGHTYENA gives obvious signals when
it is preparing to attack. It starts to
growl deeply and then flattens its body.This POKéMON will bite savagely with its
sharply pointed fangs.::::ZIGZAGOON restlessly wanders
everywhere at all times. This POKéMON
does so because it is very curious.It becomes interested in anything
that it happens to see.::::LINOONE always runs full speed and only
in straight lines. If facing an obstacle,
it makes a right-angle turn to evade it.This POKéMON is very challenged by
gently curving roads.::::Using the spikes on its rear end,  
WURMPLE peels the bark off trees and
feeds on the sap that oozes out.This POKéMON’s feet are tipped with
suction pads that allow it to cling to
glass without slipping.::::SILCOON tethers itself to a tree branch
using silk to keep from falling. There, 
this POKéMON hangs quietly while itawaits evolution.
It peers out of the silk cocoon through
a small hole.::::BEAUTIFLY’s favorite food is the sweet
pollen of flowers. If you want to see
this POKéMON, just leave a pottedflower by an open window. BEAUTIFLY
is sure to come looking for pollen.::::CASCOON makes its protective cocoon
by wrapping its body entirely with a
fine silk from its mouth. Once the silkgoes around its body, it hardens.
This POKéMON prepares for its evolution
inside the cocoon.::::DUSTOX is instinctively drawn to light.
Swarms of this POKéMON are attracted
by the bright lights of cities, wherethey wreak havoc by stripping the
leaves off roadside trees for food.::::LOTAD live in ponds and lakes, where
they float on the surface.
It grows weak if its broad leaf dies.On rare occasions, this POKéMON travels
on land in search of clean water.::::LOMBRE is nocturnal - it will get active
after dusk. It is also a mischief-maker.
When this POKéMON spots anglers,it tugs on their fishing lines from
beneath the surface and enjoys their
consternation.::::LUDICOLO begins dancing as soon as
it hears cheerful, festive music.
This POKéMON is said to appear when ithears the singing of children on hiking
outings.::::SEEDOT attaches itself to a tree
branch using the top of its head.
It sucks moisture from the tree whilehanging off the branch.
The more water it drinks, the glossier
this POKéMON’s body becomes.::::NUZLEAF live in densely overgrown
forests. They occasionally venture out
of the forest to startle people.This POKéMON dislikes having its long
nose pinched.::::SHIFTRY is a mysterious POKéMON that
is said to live atop towering trees 
dating back over a thousand years.It creates terrific windstorms with
the fans it holds.::::TAILLOW courageously stands its
ground against foes, however strong
they may be.This gutsy POKéMON will remain defiant
even after a loss. On the other hand,
it cries loudly if it becomes hungry.::::SWELLOW flies high above our heads,
making graceful arcs in the sky.
This POKéMON dives at a steep angle assoon as it spots its prey. The hapless
prey is tightly grasped by SWELLOW’s
clawed feet, preventing escape.::::WINGULL has the habit of carrying prey
and valuables in its beak and hiding
them in all sorts of locations.This POKéMON rides the winds and flies
as if it were skating across the sky.::::PELIPPER is a flying transporter that
carries small POKéMON and eggs inside
its massive bill.This POKéMON builds its nest on steep
cliffs facing the sea.::::RALTS senses the emotions of
people using the horns on its head.
This POKéMON rarely appears beforepeople. But when it does, it draws
closer if it senses that the person has
a positive disposition.::::It is said that a KIRLIA that is
exposed to the positive emotions of
its TRAINER grows beautiful.This POKéMON controls psychokinetic
powers with its highly developed brain.::::GARDEVOIR has the ability to read the
future. If it senses impending danger
to its TRAINER, this POKéMON is said tounleash its psychokinetic energy at
full power.::::From the tips of its feet, SURSKIT
secretes an oil that enables it to walk
on water as if it were skating.This POKéMON feeds on microscopic
organisms in ponds and lakes.::::MASQUERAIN intimidates enemies with
the eyelike patterns on its antennas.
This POKéMON flaps its four wings tofreely fly in any direction - even
sideways and backwards - as if it were
a helicopter.::::SHROOMISH live in damp soil in the dark
depths of forests. They are often
found keeping still under fallen leaves.This POKéMON feeds on compost that
is made up of fallen, rotted leaves.::::BRELOOM closes in on its foe with light
and sprightly footwork, then throws
punches with its stretchy arms.This POKéMON’s fighting technique puts
boxers to shame.::::SLAKOTH lolls around for over twenty
hours every day. Because it moves so
little, it does not need much food.This POKéMON’s sole daily meal consists
of just three leaves.::::VIGOROTH is always itching and agitated
to go on a wild rampage. It simply can’t
tolerate sitting still for even a minute.This POKéMON’s stress level rises if it
can’t be moving constantly.::::SLAKING spends all day lying down and
lolling about.
It eats grass growing within its reach.If it eats all the grass it can reach,
this POKéMON reluctantly moves to
another spot.::::NINCADA lives underground for many
years in complete darkness.
This POKéMON absorbs nutrients fromthe roots of trees. It stays motionless
as it waits for evolution.::::NINJASK moves around at such a high
speed that it cannot be seen, even
while its crying can be clearly heard.For that reason, this POKéMON was long
believed to be invisible.::::A discarded bug shell that came to life. Peering into
the crack on its back is said to steal one’s spirit.::::Normally, WHISMUR’s voice is very quiet -
it is barely audible even if one is
paying close attention.However, if this POKéMON senses danger,
it starts crying at an earsplitting
volume.::::LOUDRED’s bellowing can completely
decimate a wood-frame house. It uses
its voice to punish its foes.This POKéMON’s round ears serve as
loudspeakers.::::EXPLOUD triggers earthquakes with the
tremors it creates by bellowing. If this
POKéMON violently inhales from theports on its body, it’s a sign that it is
preparing to let loose a huge bellow.::::MAKUHITA is tenacious - it will keep
getting up and attacking its foe
however many times it is knocked down.Every time it gets back up, this
POKéMON stores more energy in its body
for evolving.::::HARIYAMA practices its straight-arm
slaps in any number of locations.
One hit of this POKéMON’s powerful,openhanded, straight-arm punches
could snap a telephone pole in two.::::AZURILL spins its tail as if it were a
lasso, then hurls it far. The momentum
of the throw sends its body flying, too.Using this unique action, one of these
POKéMON managed to hurl itself a record
33 feet.::::NOSEPASS’s magnetic nose is always
pointed to the north. If two of these
POKéMON meet, they cannot turntheir faces to each other when they
are close because their magnetic noses
repel one another.::::SKITTY has the habit of becoming
fascinated by moving objects and
chasing them around.This POKéMON is known to chase after
its own tail and become dizzy.::::DELCATTY prefers to live an unfettered
existence in which it can do as it
pleases at its own pace.Because this POKéMON eats and sleeps
whenever it decides, its daily routines
are completely random.::::SABLEYE lead quiet lives deep inside
caverns. They are feared, however,
because these POKéMON are thought tosteal the spirits of people when their
eyes burn with a sinister glow in the
darkness.::::MAWHILE’s huge jaws are actually steel
horns that have been transformed.
Its docile-looking face serves to lullits foe into letting down its guard.
When the foe least expects it, MAWHILE
chomps it with its gaping jaws.::::This POKéMON has a body of steel.
To make its body, ARON feeds on
iron ore that it digs from mountains.Occasionally, it causes major trouble by
eating bridges and rails.::::LAIRON tempers its steel body by
drinking highly nutritious mineral
springwater until it is bloated.This POKéMON makes its nest close to
springs of delicious water.::::AGGRON claims an entire mountain as its
own territory. It mercilessly beats up
anything that violates its environment.This POKéMON vigilantly patrols its
territory at all times.::::MEDITITE undertakes rigorous mental
training deep in the mountains.
However, whenever it meditates, thisPOKéMON always loses its concentration
and focus. As a result, its training
never ends.::::It is said that through meditation,
MEDICHAM heightens energy inside
its body and sharpens its sixth sense.This POKéMON hides its presence by
merging itself with fields and
mountains.::::ELECTRIKE stores electricity in its
long body hair. This POKéMON stimulates
its leg muscles with electric charges.These jolts of power give its legs
explosive acceleration performance.::::It rarely appears before people.
It is said to nest where lightning has
fallen.::::PLUSLE always acts as a cheerleader
for its partners. Whenever a teammate
puts out a good effort in battle, thisPOKéMON shorts out its body to create
the crackling noises of sparks to show
its joy.::::MINUN is more concerned about cheering
on its partners than its own safety.
It shorts out the electricity in itsbody to create brilliant showers of
sparks to cheer on its teammates.::::With the arrival of night, VOLBEAT emits
light from its tail. It communicates with
others by adjusting the intensity andflashing of its light.
This POKéMON is attracted by the sweet
aroma of ILLUMISE.::::ILLUMISE attracts a swarm of VOLBEAT
using a sweet fragrance. Once the
VOLBEAT have gathered, this POKéMONleads the lit-up swarm in drawing
geometric designs on the canvas of
the night sky.::::ROSELIA shoots sharp thorns as
projectiles at any opponent that tries
to steal the flowers on its arms.The aroma of this POKéMON brings
serenity to living things.::::Virtually all of GULPIN’s body is its
stomach. As a result, it can swallow
something its own size.This POKéMON’s stomach contains a
special fluid that digests anything.::::It swallows anything whole.
It sweats toxic fluids from its
follicles to douse foes.::::CARVANHA’s strongly developed jaws
and its sharply pointed fangs pack the
destructive power to rip out boat hulls.Many boats have been attacked and
sunk by this POKéMON.::::Nicknamed “the bully of the sea,”
SHARPEDO is widely feared.
Its cruel fangs grow back immediatelyif they snap off.
Just one of these POKéMON can
thoroughly tear apart a supertanker.::::It bounces playfully like a ball. The more seawater
it swallows, the higher it bounces.::::WAILORD is the largest of all identified
POKéMON up to now.
This giant POKéMON swims languorouslyin the vast open sea, eating massive
amounts of food at once with its
enormous mouth.::::NUMEL is extremely dull witted - it
doesn’t notice being hit. However, it
can’t stand hunger for even a second.This POKéMON’s body is a seething
cauldron of boiling magma.::::CAMERUPT has a volcano inside its body.
Magma of 18,000 degrees F courses
through its body.Occasionally, the humps on this
POKéMON’s back erupt, spewing the
superheated magma.::::TORKOAL digs through mountains in
search of coal. If it finds some, it fills
hollow spaces on its shell with the coaland burns it.
If it is attacked, this POKéMON spouts
thick black smoke to beat a retreat.::::SPOINK bounces around on its tail.
The shock of its bouncing makes its
heart pump. As a result, this POKéMONcannot afford to stop bouncing - if it
stops, its heart will stop.::::GRUMPIG uses the black pearls on its
body to amplify its psychic power waves
for gaining total control over its foe.When this POKéMON uses its special
power, its snorting breath grows
labored.::::All the SPINDA that exist in the
world are said to have utterly unique
spot patterns.The shaky, tottering steps of this
POKéMON give it the appearance of
dancing.::::Its big jaws crunch through boulders.
Because its head is so big, it has a hard
time getting back upright if it tips over
onto its back.::::To make prey faint, VIBRAVA generates
ultrasonic waves by vigorously making
its two wings vibrate.This POKéMON’s ultrasonic waves are so
powerful, they can bring on headaches
in people.::::FLYGON is nicknamed “the elemental 
spirit of the desert.” Because its
flapping wings whip up a cloud of sand,this POKéMON is always enveloped in a
sandstorm while flying.::::CACNEA lives in arid locations such
as deserts. It releases a strong aroma
from its flower to attract prey.When prey comes near, this POKéMON
shoots sharp thorns from its body to
bring the victim down.::::During the daytime, CACTURNE remains
unmoving so that it does not lose any
moisture to the harsh desert sun.This POKéMON becomes active at night
when the temperature drops.::::SWABLU has light and fluffy wings that
are like cottony clouds. This POKéMON
is not frightened of people.It lands on the heads of people and
sits there like a cotton-fluff hat.::::ALTARIA dances and wheels through the
sky among billowing, cotton-like clouds.
By singing melodies in its crystal-clearvoice, this POKéMON makes its listeners
experience dreamy wonderment.::::Memories of battling its arch-rival
SEVIPER are etched into every cell of
ZANGOOSE’s body.This POKéMON adroitly dodges attacks
with incredible agility.::::SEVIPER shares a generations-long
feud with ZANGOOSE. The scars on its
body are evidence of vicious battles.This POKéMON attacks using its sword-
edged tail.::::LUNATONE was discovered at a location
where a meteorite fell. As a result, some
people theorize that this POKéMONcame from space. However, no one has
been able to prove this theory so far.::::SOLROCK is a new species of POKéMON
that is said to have fallen from space.
It floats in air and moves silently.In battle, this POKéMON releases
intensely bright light.::::BARBOACH’s sensitive whiskers serve
as a superb radar system.
This POKéMON hides in mud, leaving onlyits two whiskers exposed while it waits
for prey to come along.::::WHISCASH is extremely territorial.
Just one of these POKéMON will claim a
large pond as its exclusive territory.If a foe approaches it, it thrashes
about and triggers a massive
earthquake.::::CORPHISH were originally foreign
POKéMON that were imported as pets.
They eventually turned up in the wild.This POKéMON is very hardy and has
greatly increased its population.::::CRAWDAUNT has an extremely violent
nature that compels it to challenge
other living things to battle.Other life-forms refuse to live in
ponds inhabited by this POKéMON,
making them desolate places.::::BALTOY moves while spinning around on
its one foot. Primitive wall paintings
depicting this POKéMON living amongpeople were discovered in some ancient
ruins.::::CLAYDOL are said to be dolls of mud made
by primitive humans and brought to life
by exposure to a mysterious ray.This POKéMON moves about while
levitating.::::LILEEP became extinct approximately
a hundred million years ago.
This ancient POKéMON attaches itselfto a rock on the seafloor and catches
approaching prey using tentacles 
shaped like flower petals.::::CRADILY roams around the ocean floor
in search of food. This POKéMON freely
extends its tree trunk-like neck andcaptures unwary prey using its eight
tentacles.::::ANORITH was regenerated from a
prehistoric fossil. This primitive
POKéMON once lived in warm seas.It grips its prey firmly between its
two large claws.::::ARMALDO’s tough armor makes all attacks
bounce off. This POKéMON’s two
enormous claws can be freely extendedor contracted. They have the power to
punch right through a steel slab.::::FEEBAS’s fins are ragged and
tattered from the start of its life.
Because of its shoddy appearance, thisPOKéMON is largely ignored.
It is capable of living in both the sea
and in rivers.::::MILOTIC is said to be the most
beautiful of all the POKéMON.
It has the power to becalm suchemotions as anger and hostility to quell
bitter feuding.::::CASTFORM’s appearance changes with
the weather.
This POKéMON gained the ability to usethe vast power of nature to protect
its tiny body.::::KECLEON is capable of changing its body
colors at will to blend in with its
surroundings.There is one exception - this POKéMON
can’t change the zigzag pattern on its
belly.::::SHUPPET is attracted by feelings
of jealousy and vindictiveness.
If someone develops strong feelings ofvengeance, this POKéMON will appear
in a swarm and line up beneath the eaves
of that person’s home.::::BANETTE generates energy for laying
strong curses by sticking pins into its
own body.This POKéMON was originally a pitiful
plush doll that was thrown away.::::DUSKULL can pass through any wall no
matter how thick it may be.
Once this POKéMON chooses a target,it will doggedly pursue the intended
victim until the break of dawn.::::DUSCLOPS’s body is completely hollow -
there is nothing at all inside.
It is said that its body is like a blackhole. This POKéMON will absorb anything
into its body, but nothing will ever come
back out.::::The bunches of fruit around TROPIUS’s
neck are very popular with children.
This POKéMON loves fruit, and eats itcontinuously. Apparently, its love for
fruit resulted in its own outgrowth
of fruit.::::Emitting ultrasonic cries, it
floats on winds to travel great
distances.::::Every time ABSOL appears before people,
it is followed by a disaster such as an
earthquake or a tidal wave.As a result, it came to be known as the
disaster POKéMON.::::WYNAUT can always be seen with a big,
happy smile on its face. Look at its tail
to determine if it is angry.When angered, this POKéMON will be
slapping the ground with its tail.::::SNORUNT live in regions with heavy
snowfall. In seasons without snow, such
as spring and summer, this POKéMONsteals away to live quietly among
stalactites and stalagmites deep in
caverns.::::GLALIE has a body made of rock, which it
hardens with an armor of ice.
This POKéMON has the ability to freezemoisture in the atmosphere into any
shape it desires.::::SPHEAL is much faster rolling than 
walking to get around. When groups of
this POKéMON eat, they all clap at onceto show their pleasure. Because of this,
their mealtimes are noisy.::::SEALEO has the habit of always juggling
on the tip of its nose anything it sees
for the first time.This POKéMON occasionally entertains
itself by balancing and rolling a SPHEAL
on its nose.::::WALREIN’s two massively developed
tusks can totally shatter blocks of
ice weighing ten tons with one blow.This POKéMON’s thick coat of blubber
insulates it from subzero temperatures.::::CLAMPERL’s sturdy shell is not only good
for protection - it is also used for
clamping and catching prey.A fully grown CLAMPERL’s shell will be
scored with nicks and scratches all
over.::::It lives deep in the pitch-dark sea.
It attracts prey by moving its tail
in mimicry of a small animal.::::GOREBYSS lives in the southern seas
at extreme depths. Its body is built to
withstand the enormous pressure ofwater at incredible depths. Because of
this, this POKéMON’s body is unharmed
by ordinary attacks.::::It has remained unchanged for 100
million years. It was discovered
during a deep-sea exploration.::::LUVDISC live in shallow seas in the
tropics. This heart-shaped POKéMON
earned its name by swimming afterloving couples it spotted in the
ocean’s waves.::::BAGON has a dream of one day soaring
in the sky. In doomed efforts to fly,
this POKéMON hurls itself off cliffs.As a result of its dives, its head has 
grown tough and as hard as tempered
steel.::::Inside SHELGON’s armor-like shell, cells
are in the midst of transformation
to create an entirely new body.This POKéMON’s shell is extremely heavy,
making its movements sluggish.::::SALAMENCE came about as a result of a
strong, long-held dream of growing
wings. It is said that this powerfuldesire triggered a sudden mutation in
this POKéMON’s cells, causing it to
sprout its magnificent wings.::::Its cells are all magnetic,
and it communicates with others
by using magnetic pulses.::::When two BELDUM fuse together, METANG
is formed. The brains of the BELDUM are
joined by a magnetic nervous system.By linking its brains magnetically,
this POKéMON generates strong
psychokinetic power.::::METAGROSS has four brains in total.
Combined, the four brains can breeze
through difficult calculations fasterthan a supercomputer.
This POKéMON can float in the air by
tucking in its four legs.::::REGIROCK was sealed away by people
long ago. If this POKéMON’s body is
damaged in battle, it is said to seekout suitable rocks on its own to repair
itself.::::REGICE’s body was made during an ice
age. The deep-frozen body can’t be
melted, even by fire.This POKéMON controls frigid air of
minus 328 degrees F.::::REGISTEEL has a body that is harder
than any kind of metal.
Its body is apparently hollow.No one has any idea what this POKéMON
eats.::::LATIAS is highly sensitive to the
emotions of people. If it senses any
hostility, this POKéMON ruffles thefeathers all over its body and cries
shrilly to intimidate the foe.::::LATIOS has the ability to make its foe
see an image of what it has seen or
imagines in its head.This POKéMON is intelligent and
understands human speech.::::KYOGRE has the power to create massive
rain clouds that cover the entire sky
and bring about torrential downpours.This POKéMON saved people who were
suffering from droughts.::::GROUDON has long been described in 
mythology as the POKéMON that raised
lands and expanded continents.This POKéMON took to sleep after a
cataclysmic battle with KYOGRE.::::RAYQUAZA lived for hundreds of millions
of years in the earth’s ozone layer, 
never descending to the ground.This POKéMON appears to feed on water
and particles in the atmosphere.::::A legend states that JIRACHI will make
true any wish that is written on notes
attached to its head when it awakens.If this POKéMON senses danger, it will
fight without awakening.::::The DNA of a space virus underwent a
sudden mutation upon exposure to a
laser beam and resulted in DEOXYS.The crystalline organ on this POKéMON’s
chest appears to be its brain.::::Made from soil, the shell on its
back hardens when it drinks water.
It lives along lakes.::::It lives along water in forests. In
the daytime, it leaves the forest
to sunbathe its treed shell.::::Small Pokémon occasionally gather
on its unmoving back to begin
building their nests.::::It agilely scales sheer cliffs to
live atop craggy mountains. Its
fire is put out when it sleeps.::::To intimidate attackers, it
stretches the fire on its tail
to make itself appear bigger.::::It uses a special kind of martial
arts involving all its limbs.
Its fire never goes out.::::Because it is very proud, it hates
accepting food from people. Its
thick down guards it from cold.::::It lives alone, away from others.
Apparently, every one of them
believes it is the most important.::::The three horns that extend from
its beak attest to its power. The
leader has the biggest horns.::::They flock in great numbers.
Though small, they flap their
wings with great power.::::It flies around forests and fields
in search of bug Pokémon.
It stays within a huge flock.::::It has a savage nature. It will
courageously challenge foes that
are much larger.::::With nerves of steel, nothing can
perturb it. It is more agile and
active than it appears.::::It makes its nest by damming
streams with bark and mud. It is
known as an industrious worker.::::It shakes its head back to front,
causing its antennae to hit each
other and sound like a xylophone.::::It crosses its knifelike arms in
front of its chest when it cries.
It can compose melodies ad lib.::::All of its fur dazzles if danger is
sensed. It flees while the foe is
momentarily blinded.::::Its claws loose electricity with
enough amperage to cause fainting.
They live in small groups.::::It has eyes that can see through
anything. It spots and captures
prey hiding behind objects.::::Over the winter, it closes its bud
and endures the cold. In spring,
the bud opens and releases pollen.::::It attracts prey with a sweet
aroma, then downs it with
thorny whips hidden in its arms.::::It lived in jungles around 100
million years ago. Its skull is as
hard as iron.::::Its powerful head butt has enough
power to shatter even the most
durable things upon impact.::::A Pokémon that lived in jungles
around 100 million years ago. Its
facial hide is extremely hard.::::Any frontal attack is repulsed.
It is a docile Pokémon that
feeds on grass and berries.::::To shelter itself from cold, wintry
winds, it covers itself with a cloak
made of twigs and leaves.::::When BURMY evolved, its cloak
became a part of this Pokémon’s
body. The cloak is never shed.::::It loves the honey of flowers
and steals honey collected by
COMBEE.::::A Pokémon formed by three others.
It busily carries sweet floral
honey to VESPIQUEN.::::Its abdomen is a honeycomb for
grubs. It raises its grubs on
honey collected by COMBEE.::::It makes fur balls that crackle
with static electricity. It stores
them with berries in tree holes.::::It has a flotation sac that is
like an inflatable collar. It floats
on water with its head out.::::It floats using its well-developed
flotation sac. It assists in the
rescues of drowning people.::::The small ball holds the nutrients
needed for evolution. Apparently,
it is very sweet and tasty.::::It blooms during times of strong
sunlight. It tries to make up for
everything it endured as a bud.::::Its shape and coloration vary, depending on
its habitat.::::It has a pliable body without any
bones. If any part of its body is
torn off, it grows right back.::::To eat, it deftly shucks nuts
with its two tails. It rarely uses
its arms now.::::A Pokémon formed by the spirits of people and
Pokémon. It loves damp, humid seasons.::::It’s drowzy in daytime, but flies
off in the evening in big groups.
No one knows where they go.::::It slams foes by sharply uncoiling
its rolled ears. It stings enough
to make a grown-up cry in pain.::::An extremely cautious Pokémon.
It cloaks its body with its fluffy
ear fur when it senses danger.::::Its cries sound like incantations.
Those hearing it are tormented
by headaches and hallucinations.::::Becoming active at night, it is
known to swarm with numerous
MURKROW in tow.::::It claws if displeased and purrs
when affectionate. Its fickleness
is very popular among some.::::It is a brazen brute that barges
its way into another Pokémon’s
nest and claims it as its own.::::It emits cries by agitating an orb
at the back of its throat.
It moves with flouncing hops.::::It protects itself by spraying a
noxious fluid from its rear. The
stench lingers for 24 hours.::::It sprays a vile-smelling fluid
from the tip of its tail to attack.
Its range is over 160 feet.::::Implements shaped like it were
discovered in ancient tombs. It is
unknown if they are related.::::One caused a news sensation when
it was dug up at a construction
site after a 2,000-year sleep.::::It prefers an arid atmosphere. It
leaks water that looks like tears
when adjusting its moisture level.::::It habitually mimics foes. Once
mimicked, the foe cannot take its
eyes off this Pokémon.::::It loves round white things.
It carries an egg-shaped rock in
imitation of CHANSEY.::::It can learn and speak human
words. If they gather, they all
learn the same saying.::::A Pokémon that was formed by 108
spirits. It is bound to a fissure
in an odd keystone.::::It nests in small, horizontal holes
in cave walls. It pounces to catch
prey that stray too close.::::There is a long-held belief that
medicine made from its scales will
heal even incurable illnesses.::::When it folds up its body and
extends its wings, it looks like a
jet plane. It flies at sonic speed.::::It wolfs down its weight in food
once a day, swallowing food whole
with almost no chewing.::::The aura that emanates from its
body intensifies to alert others
if it is afraid or sad.::::It has the ability to sense the
auras of all things.
It understands human speech.::::It lives in arid places. Instead
of perspiration, it expels grainy
sand from its body.::::It blasts internally stored sand
from ports on its body to create
a towering twister for attack.::::It grips prey with its tail claws
and injects poison. It tenaciously
hangs on until the poison takes.::::It has the power in its clawed
arms to make scrap of a car. The
tips of its claws release poison.::::Its cheeks hold poison sacs.
It tries to catch foes off guard
to jab them with toxic fingers.::::Its knuckle claws secrete a toxin
so vile that even a scratch could
prove fatal.::::It attracts prey with its sweet-
smelling saliva, then chomps down.
It takes a whole day to eat prey.::::After long exposure to sunlight,
the patterns on its tail fins shine
vividly when darkness arrives.::::It lives on the deep-sea floor.
It attracts prey by flashing the
patterns on its four tail fins.::::A friendly Pokémon that captures
the subtle flows of seawater using
its two antennae.::::It lives on snowy mountains.
Having had little contact with
humans, it is boldly inquisitive.::::It whips up blizzards in mountains
that are always buried in snow.
It is the abominable snowman.::::They live in cold regions, forming
groups of four or five that hunt
prey with impressive coordination.::::It evolved from exposure to a
special magnetic field.
Three units generate magnetism.::::It wraps things with its extensible
tongue. Getting too close to it
will leave you soaked with drool.::::It puts rocks in holes in its palms
and uses its muscles to shoot them.
GEODUDE are shot at rare times.::::It ensnares prey by extending
arms made of vines. Losing arms to
predators does not trouble it.::::It pushes the tips of its two tails
against the foe, then lets loose
with over 20,000 volts of power.::::It blasts fireballs of over 3,600
degrees F from the ends of its
arms. It lives in volcanic craters.::::It will never appear where there
is strife. Its sightings have
become rare recently.::::By churning its wings, it creates
shock waves that inflict critical
internal injuries to foes.::::Just like a plant, it uses
photosynthesis. As a result, it is
always enveloped in clear air.::::As a protective technique, it can
completely freeze its fur to make
its hairs stand like needles.::::It observes prey while hanging
inverted from branches. When the
chance presents itself, it swoops!::::Its impressive tusks are made of
ice. The population thinned when it
turned warm after the ice age.::::Additional software was installed
to make it a better Pokémon.
It began acting oddly, however.::::A master of courtesy and
swordsmanship, it fights using
extending swords on its elbows.::::It freely controls three small
units called Mini-Noses using
magnetic force.::::The antenna on its head captures
radio waves from the world of spirits
that command it to take people there.::::It freezes foes with an icy breath
nearly -60 degrees F. What seems
to be its body is actually hollow.::::Its body is composed of plasma. It
is known to infiltrate electronic
devices and wreak havoc.::::Known as “The Being of Knowledge.”
It is said that it can wipe out the
memory of those who see its eyes.::::Known as “The Being of Emotion.”
It taught humans the nobility of
sorrow, pain, and joy.::::It is thought that Uxie, Mesprit, and Azelf all came
from the same egg.::::It has the power to control time.
It appears in Sinnoh-region myths
as an ancient deity.::::It has the ability to distort
space. It is described as a deity
in Sinnoh-region mythology.::::It dwells in volcanic caves. It
digs in with its cross-shaped feet
to crawl on ceilings and walls.::::There is an enduring legend that
states this Pokémon towed
continents with ropes.::::A Pokémon that is said to live in a
world on the reverse side of ours.
It appears in an ancient cemetery.::::Shiny particles are released from
its wings like a veil. It is said
to represent the crescent moon.::::A Pokémon that lives in warm seas.
It inflates the flotation sac on its
head to drift and search for food.::::Born on a cold seafloor, it
will swim great distances to
return to its birthplace.::::It can lull people to sleep and
make them dream. It is active
during nights of the new moon.::::It lives in flower patches and
avoids detection by curling up
to look like a flowering plant.::::It is told in mythology that this Pokémon was born
before the universe even existed.::::This Pokémon brings victory. It is said
that Trainers with Victini always win,
regardless of the type of encounter.::::It is very intelligent and calm.
Being exposed to lots of sunlight makes
its movements swifter.::::It moves along the ground as if sliding.
Its swift movements befuddle its foes,
and it then attacks with a vine whip.::::It can stop its opponents’
movements with just a glare. It takes
in solar energy and boosts it internally.::::It can deftly dodge its foe’s attacks
while shooting fireballs from its nose.
It roasts berries before it eats them.::::When its internal fire flares up, its
movements grow sharper and faster.
When in trouble, it emits smoke.::::It can throw a fire punch by setting its
fists on fire with its fiery chin. It cares
deeply about its friends.::::It fights using the scalchop on its
stomach. In response to an attack,
it retaliates immediately by slashing.::::Strict training is how it learns its
flowing double-scalchop technique.::::One swing of the sword incorporated in
its armor can fell an opponent. A simple
glare from one of them quiets everybody.::::Using food stored in cheek pouches,
they can keep watch for days. They use
their tails to communicate with others.::::When they see an enemy, their tails
stand high, and they spit the seeds of
berries stored in their cheek pouches.::::It faces strong opponents with great
courage. But, when at a disadvantage in
a fight, this intelligent Pokémon flees.::::It has black, cape-like fur that is
very hard and decreases the amount
of damage it receives.::::It rescues people stranded by
blizzards in the mountains. Its
shaggy fur shields it from the cold.::::They steal from people for fun, but their
victims can’t help but forgive them.
Their deceptively cute act is perfect.::::These Pokémon vanish and appear
unexpectedly. Many Trainers are drawn
to their beautiful form and fur.::::This Pokémon dwells deep in the forest.
Eating a leaf from its head whisks
weariness away as if by magic.::::Ill tempered, it fights by swinging its
barbed tail around wildly. The leaf
growing on its head is very bitter.::::When it is angered, the temperature
of its head tuft reaches 600° F.
It uses its tuft to roast berries.::::It loves sweets because they become
energy for the fire burning inside
its body.::::The water stored inside the tuft on
its head is full of nutrients. Plants
that receive its water grow large.::::The tuft on its head holds water. When
the level runs low, it replenishes the
tuft by siphoning up water with its tail.::::Munna always float in the air. People
whose dreams are eaten by them
forget what the dreams had been about.::::The mist emanating from their foreheads
is packed with the dreams of people
and Pokémon.::::Each follows its Trainer’s orders as
best it can, but they sometimes fail to
understand complicated commands.::::It can return to its Trainer’s location
regardless of the distance
separating them.::::Males swing their head plumage to
threaten opponents. The females’ flying
abilities surpass those of the males.::::Its mane shines when it discharges
electricity. They use their flashing
manes to communicate with one another.::::They have lightning-like movements.
When Zebstrika run at full speed,
the sound of thunder reverberates.::::Its ear is hexagonal in shape.
Compressed underground,
its body is as hard as steel.::::When it overflows with power,
the orange crystal on its body glows.
It looks for underground water in caves.::::Compressing the energy from its
internal core lets it fire off an attack
capable of blowing away a mountain.::::Its habitat is dark forests and caves.
It emits ultrasonic waves from its
nose to learn about its surroundings.::::It emits sound waves of various
frequencies from its nose, including
some powerful enough to destroy rocks.::::It can dig through the ground
at a speed of 30 mph. It could give
a car running aboveground a good race.::::It can help in tunnel construction.
Its drill has evolved into steel strong
enough to bore through iron plates.::::It touches others with the feelers on
its ears, using the sound of their
heartbeats to tell how they are feeling.::::It fights by swinging a piece of lumber
around. It is close to evolving when it
can handle the lumber without difficulty.::::This Pokémon is so muscular and strongly
built that even a group of wrestlers
could not make it budge an inch.::::It is thought that Conkeldurr taught
humans how to make concrete more
than 2,000 years ago.::::They warn others of danger by
vibrating their cheeks to create
a high-pitched sound.::::When they vibrate the bumps on their
heads, they can make waves in water
or earthquake-like vibrations on land.::::They shoot paralyzing liquid from their
head bumps. They use vibration to hurt
their opponents.::::When it tightens its belt, it becomes
stronger. Wild Throh use vines to weave
their own belts.::::The sound of Sawk punching boulders
and trees can be heard all the way from
the mountains where they train.::::Leavanny dress it in clothes they made
for it when it hatched. It hides its head
in its hood while it is sleeping.::::Forests where Swadloon live have superb
foliage because the nutrients they make
from fallen leaves nourish the plant life.::::Upon finding a small Pokémon, it weaves
clothing for it from leaves, using the
cutters on its arms and sticky silk.::::Its bite injects a potent poison, enough
to paralyze large bird Pokémon that try
to prey on it.::::Protected by a hard shell, it spins
its body like a wheel and crashes
furiously into its enemies.::::With quick movements, it chases down
its foes, attacking relentlessly with
its horns until it prevails.::::When attacked, it escapes by shooting
cotton from its body. The cotton serves
as a decoy to distract the attacker.::::Like the wind, it can slip through any
gap, no matter how small. It leaves
balls of white fluff behind.::::The leaves on its head are very bitter.
Eating one of these leaves is known
to refresh a tired body.::::Even veteran Trainers face a challenge
in getting its beautiful flower to bloom.
This Pokémon is popular with celebrities.::::Red and blue Basculin get along so
poorly, they’ll start fighting instantly.
These Pokémon are very hostile.::::They live buried in the sands of the
desert. The sun-warmed sands prevent
their body temperature from dropping.::::They live in groups of a few individuals.
Protective membranes shield their eyes
from sandstorms.::::They never allow prey to escape.
Their jaws are so powerful, they can
crush the body of an automobile.::::When its internal fire is burning, it
cannot calm down and it runs around.
When the fire diminishes, it falls asleep.::::Its internal fire burns at 2,500° F,
making enough power that it can
destroy a dump truck with one punch.::::It uses an up-tempo song and dance
to drive away the bird Pokémon that
prey on its flower seeds.::::This Pokémon can easily melt holes in
hard rocks with a liquid secreted from
its mouth.::::Competing for territory, Crustle
fight viciously. The one whose boulder
is broken is the loser of the battle.::::Its skin has a rubbery elasticity, so
it can reduce damage by defensively
pulling its skin up to its neck.::::Groups of them beat up anything
that enters their territory. Each can
spit acidic liquid from its mouth.::::They never vary the route they fly,
because their memories of guarding
an ancient city remain steadfast.::::Each of them carries a mask that used
to be its face when it was human.
Sometimes they look at it and cry.::::It has been said that they swallow those
who get too close and turn them into
mummies. They like to eat gold nuggets.::::Restored from a fossil, this Pokémon
can dive to depths beyond half a mile.::::They can live both in the ocean and on
land. A slap from one of them is enough
to open a hole in the bottom of a tanker.::::Said to be an ancestor of bird Pokémon,
they were unable to fly and moved about
by hopping from one branch to another.::::They are intelligent and will cooperate
to catch prey. From the ground, they
use a running start to take flight.::::Inhaling the gas they belch will make
you sleep for a week. They prefer
unsanitary places.::::It clenches opponents with its left arm
and finishes them off with foul-smelling
poison gas belched from its mouth.::::It changes into the forms of others
to surprise them. Apparently, it
often transforms into a silent child.::::Stories say those who tried
to catch Zoroark were trapped
in an illusion and punished.::::Minccino greet each other by grooming one another
thoroughly with their tails.::::Their white fur is coated in a special oil
that makes it easy for them to
deflect attacks.::::Their ribbonlike feelers increase their
psychic power. They are always staring
at something.::::They use hypnosis to control people and
Pokémon. Tales of Gothorita leading
people astray are told in every corner.::::Starry skies thousands of light-years
away are visible in the space distorted
by their intense psychic power.::::They drive away attackers by unleashing
psychic power. They can use telepathy
to talk with others.::::Since they have two divided brains,
at times they suddenly try to take two
different actions at once.::::When Reuniclus shake hands, a network
forms between their brains, increasing
their psychic power.::::These bird Pokémon are excellent divers.
They swim around in the water eating
their favorite food--peat moss.::::Swanna start to dance at dusk.
The one dancing in the middle is
the leader of the flock.::::The temperature of their breath
is -58° F. They create snow crystals and
make snow fall in the areas around them.::::Snowy mountains are this Pokémon’s
habitat. During an ancient ice age, they
moved to southern areas.::::Swallowing large amounts of water, they
make snow clouds inside their bodies and
attack their foes with violent blizzards.::::The color and scent of their fur changes
to match the mountain grass. When they
sense hostility, they hide in the grass.::::They migrate according to the seasons.
People can tell the season by looking at
Sawsbuck’s horns.::::The energy made in its cheeks’ electric
pouches is stored inside its membrane
and released while it is gliding.::::These mysterious Pokémon evolve when
they receive electrical stimulation while
they are in the same place as Shelmet.::::They fly around at high speed, striking
with their pointed spears. Even when in
trouble, they face opponents bravely.::::It lures people in with its Poké Ball
pattern, then releases poison spores.
Why it resembles a Poké Ball is unknown.::::It lures prey close by dancing and
waving its arm caps, which resemble
Poké Balls, in a swaying motion.::::With its thin, veil-like arms wrapped
around the body of its opponent,
it sinks to the ocean floor.::::The fate of the ships and crew that
wander into Jellicent’s habitat:
all sunken, all lost, all vanished.::::They float upon the open sea. Many water
Pokémon gather in the area around Alomomola.::::Joltik that live in cities have learned
a technique for sucking electricity
from the outlets in houses.::::When attacked, they create an
electric barrier by spitting out
many electrically charged threads.::::When threatened, it attacks by
shooting a barrage of spikes, which gives
it a chance to escape by rolling away.::::It fights by swinging around its three
spiky feelers. A hit from these steel
spikes can reduce a boulder to rubble.::::The two minigears that mesh together
are predetermined. Each will rebound
from other minigears without meshing.::::By changing the direction in which it
rotates, it communicates its feelings to
others. When angry, it rotates faster.::::Its red core functions as an energy
tank. It fires the charged energy
through its spikes into an area.::::While one alone doesn’t have much power,
a chain of many Tynamo can be as
powerful as lightning.::::They coil around foes and shock them
with electricity-generating organs that
seem simply to be circular patterns.::::They crawl out of the ocean using their
arms. They will attack prey on shore and
immediately drag it into the ocean.::::It uses its strong psychic power
to squeeze its opponent’s brain,
causing unendurable headaches.::::It can manipulate an opponent’s memory.
Apparently, it communicates by flashing
its three different-colored fingers.::::Litwick shines a light that absorbs the
life energy of people and Pokémon,
which becomes the fuel that it burns.::::This ominous Pokémon is feared.
Through cities it wanders, searching
for the spirits of the fallen.::::It absorbs a spirit, which it then burns.
By waving the flames on its arms,
it puts its foes into a hypnotic trance.::::They use their tusks to crush the
berries they eat. Repeated regrowth
makes their tusks strong and sharp.::::Since a broken tusk will not grow back,
they diligently sharpen their tusks on
river rocks after they’ve been fighting.::::They are kind but can be relentless
when defending territory. They challenge
foes with tusks that can cut steel.::::When it is not feeling well, its mucus
gets watery and the power of its
Ice-type moves decreases.::::It can make its breath freeze at will.
Very able in the water, it swims around
in northern seas and catches prey.::::When its body temperature goes up, it
turns into steam and vanishes. When its
temperature lowers, it returns to ice.::::When attacked, it defends itself by
closing the lid of its shell. It can spit
a sticky, poisonous liquid.::::When its body dries out, it weakens.
So, to prevent dehydration, it wraps
itself in many layers of thin membrane.::::Its skin is very hard, so it is unhurt
even if stepped on by sumo wrestlers.
It smiles when transmitting electricity.::::In fights, they dominate with onslaughts
of flowing, continuous attacks. With
their sharp claws, they cut enemies.::::It wields the fur on its arms like a whip.
Its arm attacks come with such rapidity
that they cannot even be seen.::::It warms its body by absorbing sunlight
with its wings. When its body temperature
falls, it can no longer move.::::The energy that burns inside it
enables it to move, but no one has yet
been able to identify this energy.::::It flies across the sky at Mach speeds.
Removing the seal on its chest makes
its internal energy go out of control.::::Blades comprise this Pokémon’s entire
body. If battling dulls the blades, it
sharpens them on stones by the river.::::It leads a group of Pawniard.
It battles to become the boss, but will
be driven from the group if it loses.::::Their fluffy fur absorbs damage,
even if they strike foes with a
fierce headbutt.::::They crush berries with their talons.
They bravely stand up to any opponent,
no matter how strong it is.::::They fight for their friends without any
thought about danger to themselves.
One can carry a car while flying.::::Its wings are too tiny to allow it to fly.
As the time approaches for it to evolve,
it discards the bones it was wearing.::::It makes a nest out of bones it finds.
It grabs weakened prey in its talons
and hauls it to its nest of bones.::::It breathes through a hole in its tail
while it burns with an internal fire.
Durant is its prey.::::They attack in groups, covering
themselves in steel armor to
protect themselves from Heatmor.::::It tends to bite everything, and it
is not a picky eater. Approaching it
carelessly is dangerous.::::After it has eaten up all the food in
its territory, it moves to another
area. Its two heads do not get along.::::This brutal Pokémon travels the skies on
its six wings. Anything that moves seems
like a foe to it, triggering its attack.::::This Pokémon was believed to have
been born from the sun. When it evolves,
its entire body is engulfed in flames.::::When volcanic ash darkened the
atmosphere, it is said that Volcarona’s
fire provided a replacement for the sun.::::This legendary Pokémon battled against
humans to protect Pokémon.
Its personality is calm and composed.::::This Pokémon came to the defense of
Pokémon that had lost their homes in
a war among humans.::::This Pokémon fought humans in order
to protect its friends. Legends about it
continue to be passed down.::::The lower half of its body is wrapped in
a cloud of energy. It zooms through
the sky at 200 mph.::::Countless charred remains mar the
landscape of places through which
Thundurus has passed.::::This Pokémon appears in legends.
It sends flames into the air from its
tail, burning up everything around it.::::Concealing itself in lightning clouds,
it flies throughout the Unova region.
It creates electricity in its tail.::::Lands visited by Landorus grant such bountiful
crops that it has been hailed as “The Guardian of
the Fields.”::::It generates a powerful, freezing
energy inside itself, but its body became
frozen when the energy leaked out.::::By blasting water from its hooves, it can
glide across water. It excels at using
leg moves while battling.::::Its melodies are sung with a special
vocalization method that can control
the feelings of those who hear it.::::Over 300 million years ago, it was feared
as the strongest of hunters.
It has been modified by Team Plasma.::::The quills on its head are usually soft.
When it flexes them, the points become
so hard and sharp that they can pierce rock.::::It relies on its sturdy shell to deflect predators’
attacks. It counterattacks with its sharp quills.::::Its Tackle is forceful enough to flip a 50-ton tank.
It shields its allies from danger with its own body.::::Eating a twig fills it with energy,
and its roomy ears give vent to air
hotter than 390 degrees Fahrenheit.::::It has a twig stuck in its tail. With
friction from its tail fur, it sets the
twig on fire and launches into battle.::::It gazes into the flame at the tip of
its branch to achieve a focused state,
which allows it to see into the future.::::It secretes flexible bubbles from its chest and back.
The bubbles reduce the damage it would otherwise
take when attacked.::::It can throw bubble-covered pebbles with precise
control, hitting empty cans up to a hundred feet away.::::It creates throwing stars out of compressed water.
When it spins them and throws them at high speed,
these stars can split metal in two.::::They use their large ears to dig burrows.
They will dig the whole night through.::::With their powerful ears, they can heft
boulders of a ton or more with ease.
They can be a big help at construction sites.::::These friendly Pokémon send signals
to one another with beautiful chirps
and tail-feather movements.::::From its beak, it expels embers that set
the tall grass on fire. Then it pounces on
the bewildered prey that pop out of the grass.::::In the fever of an exciting battle, it
showers embers from the gaps between
its feathers and takes to the air.::::When under attack from bird Pokémon,
it spews a poisonous black powder
that causes paralysis on contact.::::It lives hidden within thicket shadows.
When predators attack, it quickly bristles the fur
covering its body in an effort to threaten them.::::Vivillon with many different patterns are
found all over the world. These patterns
are affected by the climate of their habitat.::::The stronger the opponent it faces,
the more heat surges from its mane
and the more power flows through its body.::::The male with the largest mane of fire
is the leader of the pride.::::It draws out and controls the hidden power
of flowers. The flower Flabébé holds
is most likely part of its body.::::It flutters around fields of flowers and cares for
flowers that are starting to wilt. It draws
out the hidden power of flowers to battle.::::It claims exquisite flower gardens as its territory,
and it obtains power from basking in the energy
emitted by flowering plants.::::Thought to be one of the first Pokémon to live in
harmony with humans, it has a placid disposition.::::It can tell how its Trainer is feeling by
subtle shifts in the grip on its horns.
This empathic sense lets them run as if one being.::::It does its best to be taken seriously by its enemies,
but its glare is not sufficiently intimidating.
Chewing on a leaf is its trademark.::::Although it possesses a violent temperament,
it won’t put up with bullying. It uses the leaf in
its mouth to sense the movements of its enemies.::::Trimming its fluffy fur not only makes
it more elegant but also increases the
swiftness of its movements.::::The organ that emits its intense psychic power is
sheltered by its ears to keep power from leaking out.::::When in danger, it raises its ears and
releases enough psychic power to
grind a 10-ton truck into dust.::::Apparently this Pokémon is born when a
departed spirit inhabits a sword. It attaches itself
to people and drinks their life force.::::When Honedge evolves, it divides into two swords,
which cooperate via telepathy to coordinate attacks
and slash their enemies to ribbons.::::Generations of kings were attended by these
Pokémon, which used their spectral power to
manipulate and control people and Pokémon.::::It emits a scent that enraptures those
who smell it. This fragrance changes
depending on what it has eaten.::::It devises various scents, pleasant and unpleasant,
and emits scents that its enemies dislike in order
to gain an edge in battle.::::To entangle its opponents in battle, it extrudes
white threads as sweet and sticky as cotton candy.::::It can distinguish the faintest of scents.
It puts its sensitive sense of smell to use
by helping pastry chefs in their work.::::Opponents who stare at the flashing of the
light-emitting spots on its body become
dazed and lose their will to fight.::::It wields the most compelling hypnotic powers
of any Pokémon, and it forces others to do
whatever it wants.::::Two Binacle live together on one rock.
When they fight, one of them will move
to a different rock.::::When they evolve, two Binacle multiply into seven.
They fight with the power of seven Binacle.::::Camouflaged as rotten kelp, they spray
liquid poison on prey that approaches
unawares and then finish it off.::::Their poison is strong enough to eat through
the hull of a tanker, and they spit it indiscriminately
at anything that enters their territory.::::They knock down flying prey by firing
compressed water from their massive
claws like shooting a pistol.::::Their enormous claws launch cannonballs of
water powerful enough to pierce tanker hulls.::::They make their home in deserts. They can
generate their energy from basking in the sun,
so eating food is not a requirement.::::They flare their frills and generate energy.
A single Heliolisk can generate sufficient
electricity to power a skyscraper.::::This Pokémon was restored from a fossil.
If something happens that it doesn’t like,
it throws a tantrum and runs wild.::::The king of the ancient world, it can easily
crunch a car with the devastating strength
of its enormous jaws.::::This ancient Pokémon was restored
from part of its body that had been
frozen in ice for over 100 million years.::::The diamond-shaped crystals on its body
expel air as cold as -240 degrees Fahrenheit,
surrounding its enemies and encasing them in ice.::::It sends a soothing aura from its
ribbonlike feelers to calm fights.::::Although its body is small, its proficient
fighting skills enable it to keep up with
big bruisers like Machamp and Hariyama.::::Its whiskers serve as antennas. By sending and
receiving electrical waves, it can communicate
with others over vast distances.::::Born from the temperatures and pressures
deep underground, it fires beams from the
stone in its head.::::The weakest Dragon-type Pokémon,
it lives in damp, shady places, so its
body doesn’t dry out.::::It drives away opponents by excreting a
sticky liquid that can dissolve anything.
Its eyes devolved, so it can’t see anything.::::This very friendly Dragon-type Pokémon
will hug its beloved Trainer, leaving
that Trainer covered in sticky slime.::::These key collectors threaten any attackers
by fiercely jingling their keys at them.::::These Pokémon are created when
spirits possess rotten tree stumps.
They prefer to live in abandoned forests.::::It can control trees at will. It will trap people
who harm the forest, so they can never leave.::::Small Pumpkaboo are said to be the product of
areas where few lost souls lingered.::::Singing in eerie voices, they wander
town streets on the night of the new moon.
Anyone who hears their song is cursed.::::It blocks opponents’ attacks with the
ice that shields its body. It uses cold air
to repair any cracks with new ice.::::Its ice-covered body is as hard as steel.
Its cumbersome frame crushes anything that
stands in its way.::::They live in pitch-black caves. Their enormous ears
can emit ultrasonic waves of 200,000 hertz.::::They fly around on moonless nights
and attack careless prey. Nothing can
beat them in a battle in the dark.::::Legends say it can share eternal life.
It slept for a thousand years in the form
of a tree before its revival.::::When this legendary Pokémon’s wings and
tail feathers spread wide and glow red,
it absorbs the life force of living creatures.::::When the Kalos region’s ecosystem falls into
disarray, it appears and reveals its secret power.::::A sudden transformation of Carbink,
its pink, glimmering body is said to be
the loveliest sight in the whole world.::::This troublemaker sends anything
and everything to faraway places
using its loop, which can warp space.::::It lets out billows of steam and disappears into
the dense fog. It’s said to live in mountains
where humans do not tread.::::This wary Pokémon uses photosynthesis to
store up energy during the day, while becoming
active at night.::::A bit of a dandy, it spends its free time
preening its wings. Its preoccupation with any
dirt on its plumage can leave it unable to battle.::::It fires arrow quills from its wings with such
precision, they can pierce a pebble at distances
over a hundred yards.::::While grooming itself, it builds up fur inside its
stomach. It sets the fur alight and spews fiery
attacks, which change based on how it coughs.::::At its throat, it bears a bell of fire. The bell rings
brightly whenever this Pokémon spits fire.::::This Pokémon has a violent, selfish disposition.
If it’s not in the mood to listen, it will ignore its
Trainer’s orders with complete nonchalance.::::This Pokémon snorts body fluids from its nose,
blowing balloons to smash into its foes.
It’s famous for being a hard worker.::::A skillful dancer, it creates a sequence of water
balloons as it dances, and briskly bombards
its enemies.::::It controls its water balloons with song. The
melody is learned from others of its kind and is
passed down from one generation to the next.::::It can peck at a rate of 16 times a second to
drill holes in trees. It uses the holes for food
storage and for nesting.::::It eats berries and stores their seeds in its
beak. When it encounters enemies or prey,
it fires off all the seeds in a burst.::::When it battles, its beak heats up. The
temperature can easily exceed 212 degrees
Fahrenheit, causing severe burns when it hits.::::With its sharp fangs, it will bite anything.
It did not originally live in Alola but was
imported from another region.::::When it finds a trace of its prey, it patiently
stakes out the location...but it’s always snoozing
by nightfall.::::Its strong jaw enables it to scrape trees and
slurp out the sap. It normally lives underground.::::Its body is capable of storing electricity. On
camping trips, people are grateful to have
one around.::::It zips around, on sharp lookout for an opening.
It concentrates electrical energy within its large
jaws and uses it to zap its enemies.::::While guarding its weak points with its pincers,
it looks for an opening and unleashes punches.
When it loses, it foams at the mouth and faints.::::It aimed for the top but got lost and ended up
on a snowy mountain. Being forced to endure
the cold, this Pokémon evolved and grew fur.::::It beats its wings together to create fire.
As it moves in the steps of its beautiful dance,
it bathes opponents in intense flames.::::It feeds on the nectar and pollen of flowers.
Because it’s able to sense auras, it can identify
which flowers are about to bloom.::::It rolls up pollen into puffs. It makes many
different varieties, some used as food and
others used in battle.::::It’s considered to be a good Pokémon for
beginners because of its friendliness, but its
disposition grows rougher as it grows up.::::Its quick movements confuse its enemies.
Well equipped with claws and fangs, it also uses
the sharp rocks in its mane as weapons.::::When it’s in trouble, its eyes moisten and begin
to shine. The shining light attracts its comrades,
and they stand together against their enemies.::::It plunges the poison spike on its head into its
prey. When the prey has weakened, Mareanie
deals the finishing blow with its 10 tentacles.::::Toxapex crawls along the ocean floor on its
12 legs. It leaves a trail of Corsola bits
scattered in its wake.::::The mud stuck to Mudbray’s hooves enhances
its grip and its powerful running gait.::::It spits a mud that provides resistance to both
wind and rain, so the walls of old houses were
often coated with it.::::It crawls onto the land in search of food.
Its water bubble allows it to breathe and
protects its soft head.::::It delivers headbutts with the water bubble
on its head. Small Pokémon get sucked into
the bubble, where they drown.::::During the day, it sleeps and soaks up light.
When night falls, it walks around looking
for a safer place to sleep.::::It requires a lot of effort to maintain Lurantis’s
vivid coloring, but some collectors enjoy this
work and treat it as their hobby.::::It scatters spores that flicker and glow. Anyone
seeing these lights falls into a deep slumber.::::Forests where Shiinotic live are treacherous to
enter at night. People confused by its strange
lights can never find their way home again.::::It burns its bodily fluids to create a poisonous
gas. When its enemies become disoriented from
inhaling the gas, it attacks them.::::For some reason, only females have been found.
It creates a reverse harem of male Salandit that
it lives with.::::Despite its adorable appearance, when it gets
angry and flails about, its arms and legs could
knock a pro wrestler sprawling.::::This immensely dangerous Pokémon
possesses overwhelming physical strength.
Its habitat is generally off-limits.::::A delectable aroma pours from its body.
They are often swallowed whole by Toucannon
lured by that wafting deliciousness.::::The sepals on its head developed to protect its
body. These are quite hard, so even if pecked
by bird Pokémon, this Pokémon is totally fine.::::Its long, striking legs aren’t just for show but to
be used to kick with skill. In victory, it shows off
by kicking the defeated, laughing boisterously.::::It attaches flowers to its highly nutritious vine.
This revitalizes the flowers, and they give off
an aromatic scent.::::Known for its extreme intelligence, this Pokémon
will look down on inexperienced Trainers, so it’s
best suited to veteran Trainers.::::They form groups of roughly 20 individuals.
Their mutual bond is remarkable—they will never
let down a comrade.::::This Pokémon is a coward. As it desperately
dashes off, the flailing of its many legs leaves a
sparkling clean path in its wake.::::With a flashing slash of its giant sharp claws,
it cleaves seawater—or even air—right in two.::::Born from a sand mound playfully built by a
child, this Pokémon embodies the grudges of
the departed.::::Possessed people controlled by this Pokémon
transformed its sand mound into a castle. As it
evolved, its power to curse grew ever stronger.::::It lives in shallow seas, such as areas near a
beach. It can eject its internal organs, which it
uses to engulf its prey or battle enemies.::::The heavy control mask it wears suppresses its
intrinsic capabilities. This Pokémon has some
hidden special power.::::Its trust in its partner is what awakens it.
This Pokémon is capable of changing its type,
a flexibility that is well displayed in battle.::::Originally making its home in the ozone layer,
it hurtles to the ground when the shell enclosing
its body grows too heavy.::::It is born asleep, and it dies asleep. All its
movements are apparently no more than the
results of it tossing and turning in its dreams.::::The shell on its back is chemically unstable
and explodes violently if struck. The hole in its
stomach is its weak point.::::The spiny fur on its back is normally at rest.
When this Pokémon becomes agitated, its fur
stands on end and stabs into its attackers.::::Its actual appearance is unknown. A scholar
who saw what was under its rag was
overwhelmed by terror and died from the shock.::::When it unleashes its psychic power from the
protuberance on its head, the grating sound
of grinding teeth echoes through the area.::::It has a compassionate personality, but if it is
angered, it completely destroys its surroundings
with its intense breath.::::Swinging its massive anchor, it can KO Wailord
in a single blow. What appears to be green
seaweed is actually its body.::::It expresses its feelings by smacking
its scales. Metallic sounds echo through
the tall mountains where Jangmo-o lives.::::It leaps at its prey with a courageous shout.
Its scaly punches tear its opponents to shreds.::::When it spots enemies, it threatens them by
jingling the scales on its tail. Weak opponents
will crack and flee in panic.::::This guardian deity of Melemele is brimming with
curiosity. It summons thunderclouds and stores
their lightning inside its body.::::This guardian deity of Akala is guilelessly cruel.
The fragrant aroma of flowers is the source of
its energy.::::It pulls large trees up by the roots and swings
them around. It causes vegetation to grow,
and then it absorbs energy from the growth.::::The dense fog it creates brings the downfall
and destruction of its confused enemies.
Ocean currents are the source of its energy.::::Its body is gaseous and frail. It slowly grows as
it collects dust from the atmosphere.::::Motionless as if dead, its body is faintly warm to
the touch. In the distant past, it was called the
cocoon of the stars.::::It is said to live in another world. The intense
light it radiates from the surface of its body can
make the darkest of nights light up like midday.::::It is said to be a female evolution of Cosmog.
When its third eye activates, away it flies to
another world.::::One of several mysterious Ultra Beasts. People
on the street report observing those infested
by it suddenly becoming violent.::::This Ultra Beast appeared from another world.
It shows off its body, but whether that display
is a boast or a threat remains unclear.::::One of the dangerous Ultra Beasts, it has been
spotted running across the land at
terrific speeds.::::It appeared from the Ultra Wormhole. It raided a
power plant, so people think it energizes itself
with electricity.::::It appeared from the Ultra Wormhole. Witnesses
observed it flying across the sky at high speed.::::This Ultra Beast came from the Ultra Wormhole.
It seems not to attack enemies on its own, but
its sharp body is a dangerous weapon in itself.::::It has gobbled mountains and swallowed whole
buildings, according to reports. It’s one of the
Ultra Beasts.::::Reminiscent of the Ultra Beasts, this life-form,
apparently asleep underground, is thought to
have come from another world in ancient times.::::This artificial Pokémon, constructed more than
500 years ago, can understand human speech
but cannot itself speak.::::Able to conceal itself in shadows, it never
appears before humans, so its very existence
was the stuff of myth.::::This Ultra Beast is well enough liked to be
chosen as a first partner in its own world.::::It stores hundreds of liters of poisonous liquid
inside its body. It is one of the organisms known
as UBs.::::It appeared from an Ultra Wormhole. Each one
appears to be made up of many life-forms
stacked one on top of each other.::::It slithers toward people. Then, without warning,
it triggers the explosion of its own head.
It’s apparently one kind of Ultra Beast.::::It electrifies its claws and tears its opponents
apart with them. Even if they dodge its attack,
they’ll be electrocuted by the flying sparks.::::It melts particles of iron and other metals found
in the subsoil, so it can absorb them into its
body of molten steel.::::Revered long ago for its capacity to create iron
from nothing, for some reason it has come back
to life after 3,000 years.::::When it uses its special stick to strike up a beat,
the sound waves produced carry revitalizing
energy to the plants and flowers in the area.::::The faster a Thwackey can beat out a rhythm
with its two sticks, the more respect it wins from
its peers.::::By drumming, it taps into the power of its special
tree stump. The roots of the stump follow its
direction in battle.::::A warm-up of running around gets fire energy
coursing through this Pokémon’s body. Once that
happens, it’s ready to fight at full power.::::Its thick and fluffy fur protects it from the cold
and enables it to use hotter fire moves.::::Infused with Cinderace’s fighting spirit, the
gigantic Pyro Ball never misses its targets and
completely roasts opponents.::::When scared, this Pokémon cries. Its tears pack
the chemical punch of 100 onions, and attackers
won’t be able to resist weeping.::::A clever combatant, this Pokémon battles using
water balloons created with moisture secreted
from its palms.::::Gigantamax Inteleon’s Water Gun move fires at
Mach 7. As the Pokémon takes aim, it uses the
crest on its head to gauge wind and temperature.::::Found throughout the Galar region, this Pokémon
becomes uneasy if its cheeks are ever completely
empty of berries.::::It stashes berries in its tail—so many berries that
they fall out constantly. But this Pokémon is a bit
slow-witted, so it doesn’t notice the loss.::::It will bravely challenge any opponent, no matter
how powerful. This Pokémon benefits from every
battle—even a defeat increases its strength a bit.::::Smart enough to use tools in battle, these
Pokémon have been seen picking up rocks and
flinging them or using ropes to wrap up enemies.::::Imbued with Gigantamax energy, its wings can
whip up winds more forceful than any a hurricane
could muster. The gusts blow everything away.::::A constant collector of information, this Pokémon
is very smart. Very strong is what it isn’t.::::It barely moves, but it’s still alive. Hiding in its
shell without food or water seems to have
awakened its psychic powers.::::Its brain has grown to a gargantuan size, as has
the rest of its body. This Pokémon’s intellect and
psychic abilities are overpowering.::::Aided by the soft pads on its feet, it silently raids
the food stores of other Pokémon. It survives off
its ill-gotten gains.::::It secretly marks potential targets with a scent.
By following the scent, it stalks its targets
and steals from them when they least expect it.::::It anchors itself in the ground with its single leg,
then basks in the sun. After absorbing enough
sunlight, its petals spread as it blooms brilliantly.::::The seeds attached to its cotton fluff are full of
nutrients. It spreads them on the wind so that
plants and other Pokémon can benefit from them.::::Its curly fleece is such an effective cushion that
this Pokémon could fall off a cliff and stand right
back up at the bottom, unharmed.::::Weave a carpet from its springy wool, and you end
up with something closer to a trampoline. You’ll
start to bounce the moment you set foot on it.::::Apparently the itch of its teething impels it to
snap its jaws at anything in front of it.::::It responded to Gigantamax energy by becoming
bipedal. First it comes crashing down on foes,
and then it finishes them off with its massive jaws.::::This Pokémon is very popular as a herding dog
in the Galar region. As it runs, it generates
electricity from the base of its tail.::::This Pokémon generates electricity and channels
it into its legs to keep them going strong.
Boltund can run nonstop for three full days.::::Most of its body has the same composition as
coal. Fittingly, this Pokémon was first discovered
in coal mines about 400 years ago.::::It forms coal inside its body. Coal dropped by
this Pokémon once helped fuel the lives of
people in the Galar region.::::Its body is a colossal stove. With Gigantamax
energy stoking the fire, this Pokémon’s flame
burns hotter than 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit.::::It spends its entire life inside an apple. It hides
from its natural enemies, bird Pokémon, by
pretending it’s just an apple and nothing more.::::It ate a sour apple, and that induced its
evolution. In its cheeks, it stores an acid
capable of causing chemical burns.::::Eating a sweet apple caused its evolution.
A nectarous scent wafts from its body, luring in
the bug Pokémon it preys on.::::As it digs, it swallows sand and stores it in its
neck pouch. The pouch can hold more than
17 pounds of sand.::::Its sand pouch has grown to tremendous
proportions. More than 1,000,000 tons of sand
now swirl around its body.::::Cramorant’s gluttony led it to try to swallow an
Arrokuda whole, which in turn led to Cramorant
getting an Arrokuda stuck in its throat.::::If it sees any movement around it, this Pokémon
charges for it straightaway, leading with its
sharply pointed jaw. It’s very proud of that jaw.::::This Pokémon has a jaw that’s as sharp as a spear
and as strong as steel. Apparently Barraskewda’s
flesh is surprisingly tasty, too.::::It stores poison in an internal poison sac and
secretes that poison through its skin. If you touch
this Pokémon, a tingling sensation follows.::::Capable of generating 15,000 volts of
electricity, this Pokémon looks down on
all that would challenge it.::::It stores flammable gas in its body and uses it to
generate heat. The yellow sections on its belly
get particularly hot.::::Gigantamax energy has evoked a rise in its body
temperature, now reaching over 1,800 degrees
Fahrenheit. Its heat waves incinerate its enemies.::::It’s very curious, but its means of investigating
things is to try to punch them with its tentacles.
The search for food is what brings it onto land.::::A body made up of nothing but muscle makes
the grappling moves this Pokémon performs with
its tentacles tremendously powerful.::::The swirl pattern in this Pokémon’s body is
its weakness. If it gets stirred, the swirl loses
its shape, and Sinistea gets dizzy.::::This species lives in antique teapots.
Most pots are forgeries, but on rare occasions,
an authentic work is found.::::Via the protrusion on its head, it senses other
creatures’ emotions. If you don’t have a calm
disposition, it will never warm up to you.::::No matter who you are, if you bring strong
emotions near this Pokémon, it will silence
you violently.::::It emits psychic power strong enough to cause
headaches as a deterrent to the approach
of others.::::Through its nose, it sucks in the emanations
produced by people and Pokémon when they
feel annoyed. It thrives off this negative energy.::::When it gets down on all fours as if to beg for
forgiveness, it’s trying to lure opponents in so
that it can stab them with its spear-like hair.::::By transforming its leg hair, this Pokémon delivers
power-packed drill kicks that can bore huge
holes in Galar’s terrain.::::Its voice is staggering in volume. Obstagoon
has a tendency to take on a threatening posture
and shout—this move is known as Obstruct.::::What appears to be an iron helmet is actually
hardened hair. This Pokémon lives for the thrill
of battle.::::Its shell is overflowing with its heightened
otherworldly energy. The ectoplasm serves as
protection for this Pokémon’s core spirit.::::Only Farfetch’d that have survived many battles
can attain this evolution. When this Pokémon’s
leek withers, it will retire from combat.::::It’s highly skilled at tap-dancing. It waves its cane
of ice in time with its graceful movements.::::A powerful curse was woven into an ancient
painting. After absorbing the spirit of a Yamask,
the painting began to move.::::They say that any patisserie visited by Milcery
is guaranteed success and good fortune.::::Cream pours endlessly from this Pokémon’s body.
The cream stiffens when compressed by an
impact. A harder impact results in harder cream.::::Five of them are troopers, and one is the brass.
The brass’s orders are absolute.::::It feeds on seaweed, using its teeth to scrape it
off rocks. Electric current flows from the tips of
its spines.::::It spits out thread imbued with a frigid sort of
energy and uses it to tie its body to branches,
disguising itself as an icicle while it sleeps.::::Icy scales fall from its wings like snow as it flies
over fields and mountains. The temperature of its
wings is less than −290 degrees Fahrenheit.::::It stands in grasslands, watching the sun’s descent
from zenith to horizon. This Pokémon has a talent
for delivering dynamic kicks.::::It drifted in on the flow of ocean waters from a
frigid place. It keeps its head iced constantly to
make sure it stays nice and cold.::::It uses the horns on its head to sense the
emotions of others. Males will act as valets for
those they serve, looking after their every need.::::As it eats the seeds stored up in its pocket-like
pouches, this Pokémon is not just satisfying its
constant hunger. It’s also generating electricity.::::It digs up the ground with its trunk. It’s also very
strong, being able to carry loads of over
five tons without any problem at all.::::So much power is packed within its trunk that if it
were to unleash that power, the resulting blast
could level mountains and change the landscape.::::In ancient times, it was unbeatable thanks to its
powerful lower body, but it went extinct anyway
after it depleted all its plant-based food sources.::::The shaking of its freezing upper half is what
generates its electricity. It has a hard time
walking around.::::Powerful legs and jaws made it the apex predator
of its time. Its own overhunting of its prey was
what drove it to extinction.::::Though it’s able to capture prey by freezing its
surroundings, it has trouble eating the prey
afterward because its mouth is on top of its head.::::Its body resembles polished metal, and it’s both
lightweight and strong. The only drawback is that
it rusts easily.::::After being reborn as a ghost Pokémon,
Dreepy wanders the areas it used to inhabit
back when it was alive in prehistoric seas.::::It’s capable of flying faster than 120 mph.
It battles alongside Dreepy and
dotes on them until they successfully evolve.::::When it isn’t battling, it keeps Dreepy in the
holes on its horns. Once a fight starts, it launches
the Dreepy like supersonic missiles.::::Known as a legendary hero, this Pokémon
absorbs metal particles, transforming them
into a weapon it uses to battle.::::In times past, it worked together with a king of
the people to save the Galar region. It absorbs
metal that it then uses in battle.::::As a result of Rose’s meddling, Eternatus
absorbed all the energy in the Galar region.
It’s now in a state of power overload.::::Kubfu trains hard to perfect its moves. The moves
it masters will determine which form it takes when
it evolves.::::As it waits for the right moment to unleash its
Gigantamax power, this Pokémon maintains a
perfect one-legged stance. It won’t even twitch.::::This Zarude left its pack to raise a human child.
The cloth Zarude would wrap the child with has a
comforting scent that calmed the child’s crying.::::