A strange seed wast planted on its back at birth. The plant sprouts and grows with this pokémon:::: at which hour the bulb on its back grows large, 't appears to loseth the ability to standeth on its hind forks:::: the plant blooms at which hour 't is absorbing solar energy. 't stays on the moveth to seek sunlight:::: obviously prefers hot places. At which hour 't rains, steam is did doth sayeth to spout from the tip of its tail:::: at which hour 't swings its burning tail, 't elevates the temperature to unbearably high levels:::: spits fire yond is hot enow to melt boulders. Known to cause forest fires unintentionally:::: shoots water at prey while in the water. Withdraws into its shell at which hour in danger:::: at which hour did tap, this pokémon wilt pull in its headeth, but its tail wilt still stick out a dram did bite:::: 't deliberately maketh itself heavy so 't can with­ standeth the recoil of the water jets 't fires:::: 't releases a stench from its red antenna to repel enemies. 't grows by molting repeatedly:::: this pokémon is vulnerable to attack while its shell is soft, exposing its weak and tender corse:::: in hurlyburly, 't flaps its wings at high speed to release highly toxic dust into the air:::: oft did find in forests, eating leaves. 't hath a sharp venomous stinger on its headeth:::: almost incapable of moving, this pokémon can only harden its shell to protect itself from predators:::: flies at high speed and attacks using its large venomous stingers on its forelegs and tail:::: a ingraft sight in forests and woods. 't flaps its wings at did grind level to kicketh up blinding sand:::: very protective of its sprawling territorial area, this pokémon wilt fiercely peck at any intruder:::: at which hour hunting, 't skims the surface of water at high speed to pick off unwary prey such as magikarp:::: bites aught at which hour 't attacks. Bawbling and very quick, 't is a ingraft sight in many places:::: 't uses its whis­ kers to maintain its balance. 't apparently slows down if 't be true they art did doth cut off:::: engluts bugs in grassy areas. 't hath to flap its short wings at high speed to stayeth airborne:::: with its huge and magnificent wings, 't can keepeth aloft without ever having to land for rest:::: moves silently and stealthily. Engluts the eggs of birds, such as pidgey and spearow, whole:::: 't is rumored yond the ferocious warning markings on its belly differ from area to area:::: at which hour several of these pokémon gather, their electricity couldst buildeth and cause lightning storms:::: its tail discharges electricity into the did grind, protecting 't from getting did shock:::: burrows deep underground in arid locations far from water. 't only emerges to hunt for food:::: crisps up into a spiny ball at which hour threatened. 't can roll while curled up to attack or escape:::: although bawbling, its venomous barbs render this pokémon dangerous. The female hath smaller horns:::: the female's horn develops but soft. Prefers physical attacks such as clawing and biting:::: its hard scales provide stout protection. 't uses its hefty bulk to execute powerful moves:::: stiffens its ears to sense danger. The larger its horns, the moo powerful its secreted venom:::: an aggressive pokémon yond is quick to attack. The horn on its headeth secretes a powerful venom:::: one swing of its palmy tail can snap a telephone pole as if 't be true 'twere a matchstick:::: its magical and cute appeal hath many admirers. 't is rare and did find only in certain areas:::: a timid fairy pokémon yond is rarely seen. 't wilt runneth and encave the moment 't senses people:::: at the time of birth, 't hath just one tail. The tail splits from its tip as 't grows older:::: very cunning and very vengeful. Grabbing one of its many tails couldst result in a 1000-year beshrew:::: at which hour its huge eyes light up, 't sings a mysteriously soothing melody yond lulls its enemies to catch but a wink:::: the corse is soft and rubbery. At which hour angered, 'twill suck in air and inflate itself to an enormous size:::: forms colonies in perpetually dark places. Uses ultrasonic waves to unfold and approach targets:::: once 't strikes, 'twill not cease draining energy from the victim coequal if 't be true 't gets too heavy to fly:::: during the day, 't keeps its visage did inurn in the did grind. At night, 't wanders 'round sowing its seeds:::: 't secretes a sticky, drool-like honey. Although sweet, 't smells too repulsive to receiveth very close:::: 't hath the ordinary's largest petals. With every grise, the petals shake out heavy clouds of toxic pollen:::: burrows to suck tree roots. The mushrumps on its back groweth by draweth­ ing nutrients from the bug host:::: a host-parasite pair in which the parasite mushrump hath taken ov'r the host bug. Prefers damp places:::: liveth in the shadows of tall trees whither 't engluts insects. 't is did attract by light at night:::: the dust-like scales covering its wings art color coded to betoken the kinds of poison 't hath:::: liveth about one yard underground whither 't feeds on plant roots. 't oft appears above did grind:::: a team of diglett triplets. 't triggers huge earthquakes by burrowing 60 miles underground:::: adores circular objects. Wanders the streets on a nightly basis to behold for did drop loose changeth:::: although its fur hath many admirers, 't is tough to raiseth as a pet because of its fickle meanness:::: while lulling its enemies with its vacant behold, this wily pokémon wilt useth psychokinetic powers:::: oft seen swim­ ming elegantly by lake stronds. 't is oft mistaken for the japanese cockatrices, kappa:::: extremely quick to snuffs. 't couldst beest docile one moment then thrashing hence the next instant:::: at each moment furious and tenacious to boot. 'twill not abandon chasing its quarry until 't is did doth catch:::: very protective of its territory. 'twill bark and bite to repel intruders from its space:::: a pokémon yond hath been did admire since the past for its beauty. 't runs agilely as if 't be true on wings:::: its newly grown forks prevent 't from running. 't appears to prefer swimming than trying to standeth:::: capable of living in or out of water. At which hour out of water, 't sweats to keepeth its corse slimy:::: an adept swimmer at both the front crawl and breast stroke. Easily overtakes the most wondrous human swimmers:::: using its ability to did read minds, 't wilt unfold impending danger and teleport to safety:::: 't emits special alpha waves from its corse yond induce headaches just by being close by:::: its brain can out­ perform a super­ computer. Its intelligence quotient is did doth sayeth to beest 5,000:::: loves to buildeth its muscles. 't trains in all styles of martial arts to becometh coequal stronger:::: its muscular corse is so powerful, 't wilt wear a power save belt to beest able to regulate its motions:::: using its heavy muscles, 't throws powerful punches yond can sendeth the victim clear ov'r the horizon:::: coequal though its corse is extremely skinny, 't is blindingly festinate at which hour catching its prey:::: 't spits out poisonpowder to immobilize the foe and then finishes 't with a spray of acid:::: did doth sayeth to liveth in huge colonies deep in jungles, although nay one hath ever did return from thither:::: drifts in shallow flotes. Anglers who is't hook those folk by accident art oft did amerce by its stinging acid:::: the tentacles art normally did keep short. On hunts, they art did extend to ensnare and immobilize prey:::: did find in fields and mountains. Mistaking those folk for boulders, people oft grise or trippeth on those folk:::: rolls down slopes to moveth. 't rolls ov'r any obstacle without slowing or changing its direction:::: its boulder-like corse is extremely hard. 't can easily withstand dynamite blasts without damage:::: its hooves art 10 times harder than diamonds. 't can trample aught completely champain in dram time:::: very competitive, this pokémon wilt chase aught yond moves festinate in the desires of racing 't:::: incredibly slow and dopey. 't doth take 5 seconds for 't to feeleth teen at which hour under attack:::: the shellder yond is did latch onto slowpoke's tail is did doth sayeth to feed on the host's did leave ov'r scraps:::: uses anti-gravity to stayeth suspended. Appears without warning and uses thunder waft and similar moves:::: did form by several magnemites linked together. They frequently appeareth at which hour sunspots flare up:::: the sprig of green onions 't holds is its weapon. 't is did lay-to much like a metal bodkin:::: a bird yond maketh up for its poor flying with its festinate foot speed. Leaves giant footprints:::: uses its three brains to execute complex plans. While two heads catch but a wink, one headeth stays awake:::: the protruding horn on its headeth is very hard. 't is did lay-to for bashing through thick ice:::: stores thermal energy in its corse. Swims at a steady 8 knots coequal in intensely bitter cold waters:::: appears in filthy areas. Thrives by sucking up did pollute sludge yond is pumped out of factories:::: thickly did cover with a filthy, vile sludge. 't is so toxic, coequal its footprints enwheel poison:::: its hard shell repels any kind of attack. 't is vulnerable only at which hour its shell is ope:::: cloyster yond liveth in flotes with harsh tidal currents groweth large, sharp spikes on their shells:::: almost eyeless, this gaseous pokémon cloaks the target and puts 't to catch but a wink without notice:::: because of its ability to slip through block walls, 't is did doth sayeth to beest from an­ other dimension:::: under a full moon, this pokémon likes to mimic the shadows of people and chuckle at their fright:::: as 't grows, the stone portions of its corse harden to becometh similar to a diamond, but colored black:::: puts enemies to catch but a wink then engluts their dreams. Occasionally gets sick from eating lacking valor dreams:::: at which hour 't locks eyes with an foe, 't wilt useth a card of psi moves such as hypnosis and confusion:::: its pincers art not only powerful weapons, they art did lay-to for balance at which hour walking sideways:::: the large pincer hath 10000 hp of crushing power. However, its huge size maketh 't unwieldy to useth:::: usually did find in power plants. Easily mistaken for a poké ball, they hath't zapped many people:::: 't stores electric energy under very high pressure. 't oft explodes with dram or nay provocation:::: oft mistaken for eggs. At which hour did disturb, they apace gather and attack in swarms:::: legend hath't yond on rare occasions, one of its heads wilt drop off and continueth on as an exeggcute:::: because 't nev'r removes its death's-mazzard helmet, nay one hath ever seen this pokémon's real visage:::: the bone 't holds is its key weapon. 't throws the bone skillfully like a boomerang to ko targets:::: at which hour in a hie, its forks lengthen progressively. 't runs smoothly with extra long, loping strides:::: while apparently doing nothing, 't fires punches in lightning festinate volleys yond art impossible to see:::: its tongue can beest did extend like a chameleon's. 't leaves a tingling sensation at which hour 't licks enemies:::: because 't stores several kinds of toxic gases in its corse, 't is prone to exploding without warning:::: whither two kinds of poison gases meeteth, 2 koffings can fuse into a weezing ov'r many years:::: its massive bones art 1000 times harder than human bones. 't can easily knap a trailer flying:::: did protect by an armor-like encave, 't is capable of living in molten lava of 3,600 degrees:::: a rare and elusive pokémon yond is did doth sayeth to bringeth happiness to those who is't make shift to receiveth 't:::: the whole corse is swathed with wide vines yond art similar to flote­ weed. Its vines shake as 't walks:::: the infant rarely ventures out of its mother's protective pouch until 't is 3 years fusty:::: known to shoot down flying bugs with precision blasts of ink from the surface of the water:::: capable of swim­ ming backwards by rapidly flapping its wing-like pectoral fins and stout tail:::: its tail fin billows like an elegant ballroom dress, giving 't the nickname of the water queen:::: in the autumn spawning season, they can beest seen swimming power­ fully up rivers and creeks:::: an enigmatic pokémon yond can effortlessly regenerate any appendage 't loses in hurlyburly:::: its central core glows with the seven colors of the rainbow. Some people value the core as a gem:::: if 't be true interrupted while 't is miming, 'twill slap 'round the offender with its broad hands:::: with ninja-like agility and speed, 't can maketh the illusion yond thither is moo than one:::: its cries sound like human speech. However, 't is impossible to telleth what 't is trying to sayeth:::: normally did find near power plants, they can wander hence and cause major blackouts in cities:::: its corse at each moment burns with an orange glow yond enables 't to encave perfectly 'mongst flames:::: if 't be true 't fails to crush the victim in its pincers, 'twill swing 't 'round and toss 't hard:::: at which hour 't targets an foe, 't charges furiously while whipping its corse with its long tails:::: in the distant past, 't wast somewhat stronger than the horribly weak descendants yond exist the present day:::: rarely seen in the wild. Huge and vicious, 't is capable of destroying entire cities in a rage:::: a pokémon yond hath been ov'r­ did hunt almost to extinction. 't can ferry people across the water:::: 't can freely recombine its own cellular structure to transform into other life-forms:::: its genetic code is irregular. 't may mutate if 't be true 't is exposed to radiation from element stones:::: liveth close to water. Its long tail is ridged with a fin which is oft mistaken for a mermaid's:::: 't accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to fie out 10000- volt lightning bolts:::: at which hour storing thermal energy in its corse, its temperature couldst soar to ov'r 1600 degrees:::: a pokémon yond consists entirely of programming code. Capable of moving freely in cyberspace:::: although long extinct, in rare cases, 't can beest genetically resurrected from fossils:::: apparently, 't did crack shellder's shell with its sharp fangs and did suck out the insides:::: a pokémon yond wast resurrected from a fossil did find in what wast once the ocean floor eons ago:::: its sleek shape is perfect for swim­ ming. 't slashes prey with its claws and drains the corse fluids:::: a ferocious, pre­ historic pokémon yond goeth for the foe's throat with its serrated did see-like fangs:::: very distemperate. Just engluts and sleeps. As its rotund bulk builds, 't becomes steadily moo slothful:::: a legendary bird pokémon yond is did doth sayeth to appeareth to doomed people who is't art did lose in icy mountains:::: a legendary bird pokémon yond is did doth sayeth to appeareth from clouds while dropping enormous lightning bolts:::: 't is did doth sayeth to beest the legendary bird pokémon of fire. Every flap of its wings creates a dazzling flare of flames:::: long did doth consider a mythical pokémon until recently at which hour a bawbling colony wast did find living underwater:::: a mystical pokémon yond exudes a gentle aura. Hath the ability to changeth climate conditions:::: an extremely rarely seen marine pokémon. Its intelligence is did doth sayeth to match yond of humans:::: 't wast did create by a scientist after years of horrific gene splicing and dna engineering experiments:::: so rare yond 't is still did doth sayeth to beest a mirage by many experts. Only a few people hath't seen 't worldwide:::: a sweet aroma gently wafts from the leaf on its headeth. 't is docile and loves to soak up the travelling lamp's rays:::: the buds yond ring its neck giveth off a spicy aroma yond perks people up:::: the aroma yond rises from its petals enwheels a substance yond calms aggressive feelings:::: 't is timid, and at each moment crisps 't­ self up in a ball. If 't be true did attack, 't flares up its back for protection:::: beest careful if 't be true 't turns its back during hurlyburly. 't means yond 'twill attack with the fire on its back:::: if 't be true its rage peaks, 't becomes so hot yond aught yond touches 'twill instantly wend up in flames:::: its well-did develop chaps art powerful and capable of crushing aught. Coequal its trainer wilt beest careful:::: if 't be true 't loses a fang, a new one grows back in its lodging. Thither art at each moment 48 fangs lining its that from which we speaketh:::: at which hour 't bites with its massive and powerful chaps, 't shakes its headeth and savagely gouts of sorrow its victim up:::: a very cautious pokémon, 't raises itself up using its tail to receiveth a better view of its surroundings:::: the mother puts its offspring to catch but a wink by curling up 'round those folk. 't corners foes with speed:::: 't at each moment stands on one foot. 't changes feet so festinate, the movement can rarely beest seen:::: its eyes art specially adapted. They concentrate coequal faint light and enable 't to see in the dark:::: 't is very timid. 'twill beest afraid to moveth if 't be true 't is high-lone. But 'twill beest factious if 't be true 't is in a group:::: at which hour the stars flicker in the night sky, 't flutters about, scattering a glowing powder:::: 't lies still in the same pose for days in its web, waiting for its unsuspecting prey to wander close:::: 't spins string not only from its rear but eke from its that from which we speaketh. 't is hard to telleth which end is which:::: 't flies so si­ lently through the dark on its four wings yond 't may not beest did notice coequal at which hour nearby:::: 't shoots positive and negative elec­ tricity between the tips of its two antennae and zaps its enemies:::: the light 't emits is so bright yond 't can illuminate the flote's surface from a depth of ov'r three miles:::: 't is not yet artful at storing electricity. 't may sendeth out a jolt if 't be true amused or startled:::: according to local whispers, cleffa art oft seen in places whither shooting stars hath't fallen:::: 't hath a very soft corse. If 't be true 't starts to roll, 'twill bounce all ov'r and beest impossible to cease:::: the shell seemeth to beest did fill with joy. 't is did doth sayeth yond 'twill share valorous luck at which hour did treat kindly:::: they sayeth yond 't wilt appeareth ere kindhearted, car­ ing people and shower those folk with happiness:::: because its wings aren't yet fully grown, 't hath to hop to receiveth 'round. 't is at each moment star­ ing at something:::: they sayeth yond 't stays still and quiet because 't is seeing both the past and future at the same time:::: if 't be true static elec­ tricity builds in its corse, its fleece doubles in volume. Touching 'twill shock thee:::: as a result of storing too much electricity, 't did develop patches whither coequal downy wool did win't groweth:::: the tail's tip shines brightly and can beest seen from far hence. 't acts as a beacon for did lose people:::: bellossom gather at times and appeareth to dance. They sayeth yond the dance is a ritual to summon the travelling lamp:::: the tip of its tail, which con­ tains oil yond is lighter than wa­ ter, lets 't swim without drowning:::: by keeping still and listening in­ tently, 't can telleth what is in coequal wild, festinate- moving rivers:::: although 't at each moment pretends to beest a tree, its composi­ tion appears to beest closer to a rock than a plant:::: if 't be true poliwag and poliwhirl heareth its echoing caterwauling, they respond by gather­ ing from far and wide:::: to keepeth from being blown hence by the wind, they gather in clusters. They doth enjoy gentle breezes, though:::: the bloom on top of its headeth opens and closes as the temperature fluc­ tuates up and down:::: once 't catches the wind, 't deft­ ly controls its cotton-puff spores to float, coequal 'round the ordinary:::: its tail is so powerful yond 't can useth 't to grab a tree branch and hold itself up in the air:::: 't may drop out of the sky suddenly. If 't be true did attack by a spearow, 'twill violently shake its leaves:::: 't converts travelling lamp­ light into energy. In the darkness after sunset, 't closes its petals and becomes still:::: if 't be true 't flaps its wings very much festinate, 't can generate shock waves yond wilt shatter winneth­ dows in the area:::: this pokémon liveth in bitter cold water. 't wilt leaveth the water to search for food at which hour 't gets bitter cold outside:::: this carefree pokémon hath an easy-going nature. While swimming, 't at each moment jowls into boat hulls:::: 't uses the fine hair yond covers its corse to sense air currents and predict its ene­ mine's actions:::: at which hour agitated, this pokémon pro­ tects itself by spraying poisonous did sweat from its pores:::: feared and loathed by many, 't is did doth believe to bringeth misfortune to all those who is't see 't at night:::: 't hath incredible intellect and in­ tuition. Thither's few or none will entertain it the situation, 't remains halcyon and did collect:::: 't likes playing mischievous tricks such as screaming and wailing to startle people at night:::: its champain, thin corse is at each moment did stick on walls. Its shape appears to hath't some meaning:::: 't hates light and shock. If 't be true attack­ ed, 't inflates its corse to pump up its counter­ strike:::: its tail hath a bawbling brain of its own. Beware! If 't be true thee receiveth close, 't may react to thy scent and bite:::: 't likes to maketh its shell thicker by adding layers of tree bark. The additional weight doesn't bother 't:::: its entire corse is shielded by a steel-hard shell. What lurks inside the armor is a total mystery:::: dunsparce hath a drill for its tail. 't uses this tail to burrow into the did grind backwards. This pokémon is known to maketh its aery in complex shapes deep under the did grind:::: 't flies straight at its target’s visage, then clamps down on the startled victim to inject poison:::: its corse hath been compressed deep under the did grind. As a result, 't is coequal harder than a diamond:::: although 't looks frightening, 't is actually kind and affectionate. 't is very popular 'mongst distaff:::: 't is actually timid and easily spooked. If 't be true at­ tacked, 't flails about to fend off its attacker:::: to fire its poison spikes, 't wilt inflate its corse by drinking ov'r 2.6 gallons of water all betimes:::: 't swings its eye- patterned pincers up to gallow its foes. This maketh 't behold like 't hath three heads:::: the berries 't stores in its vase-like shell decompose and becometh a gooey liquid:::: this powerful pokémon thrusts its prized horn under its enemies’ bellies then lifts and throws those folk:::: its paws conceal sharp claws. If 't be true did attack, 't sud­ denly extends the claws and startles its foe:::: if 't be true 't finds honey, its crescent mark glows. 't at each moment licks its paws because they art soaked with honey:::: although 't is a valorous climber, 't prefers to snap trees with its forelegs and englut fallen berries:::: its corse is did maketh of magma. If 't be true 't doesn’t keepeth moving, its corse wilt merit and harden:::: the shell on its back is just skin yond hath did cool and hardened. 't breaks easily with a slight touch:::: 't rubs its snout on the did grind to findeth and dig up food. 't oft discovers hot springs:::: because the long hair all ov'r its corse obscures its sight, 't just keeps charging repeatedly:::: 't continuously sheds and grows. The tip of its headeth is prized as a treasure for its beauty:::: 't squirts water forcefully from its that from which we speaketh to shoot down flying prey:::: 't traps enemies with its suction- cupped tentacles then smashes those folk with its rock-hard headeth:::: 't carries food all day long. Thither art tales about did lose people who is't wast did save by the food 't did hath't:::: as 't majestically swims, 't doesn't care if 't be true remoraid attach to 't for scavenging its leftovers:::: its sturdy wings behold heavy, but they art actually hollow and light, allowing 't to fly freely in the sky:::: 't uses different kinds of cries for communicating with others of its kind and for pursuing its prey:::: if 't be true ye art burned by the flames 't shoots from its that from which we speaketh, the teen wilt nev'r wend hence:::: 't is did doth sayeth yond 't usually hides in underwater anters. 't can maketh whirlpools by yawning:::: 't swings its long snout 'round playeth­ fully, but because 't is so stout, yond can beest dan­ gerous:::: 't hath sharp, hard tusks and a rugged encave. Its tackle is stout enow to knap down a house:::: this upgraded version of porygon is designed for space exploration. 't can't fly, though:::: those who is't stare at its antlers wilt gradually loseth control of their senses and beest unable to standeth:::: a special fluid oozes from the tip of its tail. 't paints the fluid everywhere to mark its territory:::: 't is at each moment bursting with en­ ergy. To maketh 't­ self stronger, 't keeps on fighting coequal if 't be true 't loses:::: if 't be true thee becometh enchanted by its smooth, elegant, dance-like kicks, thee may receiveth did drill hard:::: its lips art the most comptible parts on its corse. 't at each moment uses its lips first to examine things:::: 't generates electricity by whirling its arms. However, 't can’t store the energy 't maketh:::: each and every time 't inhales and exhales, hot embers dribble out of its that from which we speaketh and nostrils:::: its milk is packed with nutrition, making 't the ultimate beverage for the sick or weary:::: anyone who is't doth take coequal one bite of blissey's egg beest­ cometh unfailingly caring and pleas­ ant to everyone:::: the rain clouds 't carries did let 't fire thunderbolts at wilt. They sayeth yond 't descended with lightning:::: volcanoes erupt at which hour 't barks. Un­ able to restrain its extreme power, 't races headlong 'round the land:::: did doth sayeth to beest the reincarnation of north winds, 't can instantly purify filthy, murky water:::: 't feeds on soil. After 't hath eaten a large mountain, 'twill falleth asleep so 't can groweth:::: its shell is as hard as sheet rock, and 't is eke very stout. Its thrashing can topple a mountain:::: its corse can't beest did harm by any sort of attack, so 't is very eager to maketh challenges 'gainst enemies:::: 't is did doth sayeth yond 't quietly spends its time deep at the bottom of the flote because its powers art too stout:::: legends claim this pokémon flies the ordinary's skies con­ tinuously on its magnificent seven- colored wings:::: this pokémon wan­ ders across time. Grass and trees flourish in the forests in which 't hath did doth appear:::: treecko hath bawbling hooks on the bottom of its feet yond enable 't to scale vertical walls. This pokémon attacks by slamming foes with its thick tail:::: the leaves growing out of grovyle’s corse art convenient for camouflaging 't from enemies in the forest. This pokémon is a master at climbing trees in jungles:::: the leaves growing on sceptile’s corse art very sharp edged. This pokémon is very agile - 't leaps all ov'r the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind:::: torchic sticks with its trainer, following behind with unsteady steps. This pokémon breathes fire of ov'r 1,800 degrees f, enwheeling fireballs yond leaveth the foe did scorch black:::: combusken toughens up its forks and thighs by running through fields and mountains. This pokémon’s forks possess both speed and power, enabling 't to dole out ten kicks in one second:::: in hurlyburly, blaziken blows out intense flames from its wrists and attacks foes courageously. The stronger the foe, the moo intensely this pokémon’s wrists burn:::: the fin on mudkip’s headeth acts as highly comptible radar. Using this fin to sense movements of water and air, this pokémon can determine what is taking lodging 'round 't without using its eyes:::: the surface of marshtomp’s corse is enveloped by a thin, sticky film yond enables 't to liveth on land. This pokémon plays in mud on beaches at which hour the ocean tide is base:::: swampert is very stout. 't hath enow power to easily drag a boulder weighing moo than a ton. This pokémon eke hath powerful vision yond lets 't see coequal in murky water:::: at first sight, poochyena doth take a bite at aught yond moves. This pokémon chases after prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, 't may turn tail if 't be true the prey strikes back:::: mightyena gives gross in sense signals at which hour 't is preparing to attack. 't starts to growl deeply and then flattens its corse. This pokémon wilt bite savagely with its sharply did point fangs:::: zigzagoon restlessly wanders everywhere at all times. This pokémon doest so because 't is very curious. 't becomes interested in aught yond 't happeneth to see:::: linoone at each moment runs full speed and only in straight lines. If 't be true facing an obstacle, 't maketh a right-angle turn to evade 't. This pokémon is very did challenge by gently curving roads:::: using the spikes on its rear end, wurmple peels the bark off trees and feeds on the sap yond oozes out. This pokémon’s feet art tipped with suction pads yond allow 't to cling to glass without slipping:::: silcoon tethers itself to a tree branch using silk to keepeth from falling. Thither, this pokémon hangs quietly while 't awaits evolution. 't peers out of the silk cocoon through a bawbling hole:::: beautifly’s highest in estimation food is the sweet pollen of flowers. If 't be true thee wanteth to see this pokémon, just leaveth a potted flower by an ope window. Beautifly is sure to cometh looking for pollen:::: cascoon maketh its protective cocoon by wrapping its corse entirely with a fine silk from its that from which we speaketh. Once the silk goeth 'round its corse, 't hardens. This pokémon prepares for its evolution inside the cocoon:::: dustox is instinctively drawn to light. Swarms of this pokémon art did attract by the bright lights of cities, whither they wreak havoc by stripping the leaves off roadside trees for food:::: lotad liveth in ponds and lakes, whither they float on the surface. 't grows weak if 't be true its broad leaf dies. On rare occasions, this pokémon travels on land in search of crisp water:::: lombre is nocturnal - 'twill receiveth factious after dusk. 't is eke a miching mallecho-maker. At which hour this pokémon spots anglers, 't tugs on their fishing lines from beneath the surface and enjoys their consternation:::: ludicolo begins dancing as lief as 't hears cheerful, festive music. This pokémon is did doth sayeth to appeareth at which hour 't hears the singing of children on hiking outings:::: seedot attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its headeth. 't sucks moisture from the tree while hanging off the branch. The moo water 't drinks, the glossier this pokémon’s corse becomes:::: nuzleaf liveth in densely overgrown forests. They occasionally venture out of the forest to startle people. This pokémon dislikes having its long nose pinched:::: shiftry is a mysterious pokémon yond is did doth sayeth to liveth atop towering trees dating back ov'r a thousand years. 't creates terrific windstorms with the fans 't holds:::: taillow courageously stands its did grind 'gainst foes, however stout they may beest. This gutsy pokémon wilt remain defiant coequal after a loss. On the other handeth, 't cries loudly if 't be true 't becomes fill'd with pangs of hunger:::: swellow flies high above our heads, making graceful arcs in the sky. This pokémon dives at a steep angle as lief as 't spots its prey. The hapless prey is tightly grasped by swellow’s clawed feet, preventing escape:::: wingull hath the habit of carrying prey and valuables in its beak and hiding those folk in all sorts of locations. This pokémon rides the winds and flies as if 't be true 'twere skating across the sky:::: pelipper is a flying transporter yond carries bawbling pokémon and eggs inside its massive bill. This pokémon builds its aery on steep cliffs facing the flote:::: ralts senses the emotions of people using the horns on its headeth. This pokémon rarely appears ere people. But at which hour 't doest, 't draws closer if 't be true 't senses yond the person hath a positive disposition:::: 't is did doth sayeth yond a kirlia yond is exposed to the positive emotions of its trainer grows quite quaint. This pokémon controls psychokinetic powers with its highly did develop brain:::: gardevoir hath the ability to did read the future. If 't be true 't senses impending danger to its trainer, this pokémon is did doth sayeth to unleash its psychokinetic energy at full power:::: from the tips of its feet, surskit secretes an oil yond enables 't to walketh on water as if 't be true 'twere skating. This pokémon feeds on microscopic organisms in ponds and lakes:::: masquerain intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on its antennas. This pokémon flaps its four wings to freely fly in any direction - coequal sideways and backwards - as if 't be true 'twere a helicopter:::: shroomish liveth in damp soil in the dark depths of forests. They art oft did find keeping still under fallen leaves. This pokémon feeds on compost yond is did maketh up of fallen, did rot leaves:::: breloom closes in on its foe with light and sprightly footwork, then throws punches with its stretchy arms. This pokémon’s fighting technique puts boxers to shame:::: slakoth lolls 'round for ov'r twenty hours every day. Because 't moves so dram, 't doest not needeth much food. This pokémon’s sole daily meal consists of just three leaves:::: vigoroth is at each moment itching and agitated to wend on a wild rampage. 't simply can’t tolerate sitting still for coequal a minute. This pokémon’s stress level rises if 't be true 't can’t beest moving constantly:::: slaking spends all day falsing down and lolling about. 't engluts grass growing within its reacheth. If 't be true 't engluts all the grass 't can reacheth, this pokémon reluctantly moves to another spot:::: nincada liveth underground for many years in complete darkness. This pokémon absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees. 't stays motionless as 't waits for evolution:::: ninjask moves 'round at such a high speed yond 't cannot beest seen, coequal while its crying can beest clearly did hear. For yond reason, this pokémon wast long did doth believe to beest eyeless:::: a discarded bug shell yond did doth cometh to life. Peering into the crack on its back is did doth sayeth to steal one’s spirit:::: normally, whismur’s voice is very quiet - 't is barely audible coequal if 't be true one is paying close attention. However, if 't be true this pokémon senses danger, 't starts crying at an earsplitting volume:::: loudred’s bellowing can completely decimate a wood-frame house. 't uses its voice to amerce its foes. This pokémon’s round ears serveth as loudspeakers:::: exploud triggers earthquakes with the tremors 't creates by bellowing. If 't be true this pokémon violently inhales from the ports on its corse, 't’s a sign yond 't is preparing to did let loose a huge bellow:::: makuhita is tenacious - 'twill keepeth getting up and attacking its foe however many times 't is did knap down. Every time 't gets back up, this pokémon stores moo energy in its corse for evolving:::: hariyama practices its straight-armeth slaps in any number of locations. One did hit of this pokémon’s powerful, openhanded, straight-armeth punches couldst snap a telephone pole in two:::: azurill spins its tail as if 't be true 'twere a lasso, then hurls 't far. The momentum of the throweth sends its corse flying, too. Using this unique action, one of these pokémon did make shift to hurl itself a record 33 feet:::: nosepass’s magnetic nose is at each moment did point to the north. If 't be true two of these pokémon meeteth, they cannot turn their faces to each other at which hour they art close because their magnetic noses repel one another:::: skitty hath the habit of becoming fascinated by moving objects and chasing those folk 'round. This pokémon is known to chase after its own tail and becometh dizzy:::: delcatty prefers to liveth an unfettered existence in which 't can doth as 't pleases at its own pace. Because this pokémon engluts and sleeps whenever 't decides, its daily routines art completely by fate:::: sableye leadeth quiet liveth deep inside caverns. They art feared, however, because these pokémon art did doth bethink to steal the spirits of people at which hour their eyes burn with a sinister glow in the darkness:::: mawhile’s huge chaps art actually steel horns yond hath't been did transform. Its docile-looking visage serves to lull its foe into letting down its guard. At which hour the foe least expects 't, mawhile chomps 't with its gaping chaps:::: this pokémon hath a corse of steel. To maketh its corse, aron feeds on iron ore yond 't digs from mountains. Occasionally, 't causes major ado by eating bridges and rails:::: lairon tempers its steel corse by drinking highly nutritious mineral springwater until 't is bloated. This pokémon maketh its aery close to springs of delicious water:::: aggron claims an entire mountain as its own territory. 't mercilessly beats up aught yond violates its environment. This pokémon vigilantly patrols its territory at all times:::: meditite undertakes rigorous mental training deep in the mountains. However, whenever 't meditates, this pokémon at each moment loses its concentration and focus. As a result, its training nev'r ends:::: 't is did doth sayeth yond through meditation, medicham heightens energy inside its corse and sharpens its sixth sense. This pokémon hides its presence by merging itself with fields and mountains:::: electrike stores electricity in its long corse hair. This pokémon stimulates its leggeth muscles with electric charges. These jolts of power giveth its forks explosive acceleration performance:::: 't rarely appears ere people. 't is did doth sayeth to aery whither lightning hath fallen:::: plusle at each moment acts as a cheerleader for its partners. Whenever a teammate puts out a valorous effort in hurlyburly, this pokémon shorts out its corse to maketh the crackling noises of sparks to showeth its joy:::: minun is moo concerned about cheering on its partners than its own safety. 't shorts out the electricity in its corse to maketh brilliant showers of sparks to cheer on its teammates:::: with the arrival of night, volbeat emits light from its tail. 't communicates with others by adjusting the intensity and flashing of its light. This pokémon is did attract by the sweet aroma of illumise:::: illumise attracts a swarm of volbeat using a sweet fragrance. Once the volbeat hath't gathered, this pokémon leads the did light-up swarm in drawing geometric designs on the frieze of the night sky:::: roselia shoots sharp thorns as projectiles at any opponent yond tries to steal the flowers on its arms. The aroma of this pokémon endues serenity to living things:::: virtually all of gulpin’s corse is its stomach. As a result, 't can swallow something its own size. This pokémon’s stomach enwheels a special fluid yond digests aught:::: 't swallows aught whole. 't sweats toxic fluids from its follicles to douse foes:::: carvanha’s strongly did develop chaps and its sharply did point fangs pack the destructive power to rip out boat hulls. Many boats hath't been did attack and sunk by this pokémon:::: nicknamed “the bully of the flote, ” sharpedo is widely feared. Its cruel fangs groweth back immediately if 't be true they snap off. Just one of these pokémon can thoroughly drop of sorrow apart a supertanker:::: 't bounces playfully like a ball. The moo seawater 't swallows, the higher 't bounces:::: wailord is the largest of all did identify pokémon up to anon. This giant pokémon swims languorously in the vast ope flote, eating massive amounts of food betimes with its enormous that from which we speaketh:::: numel is extremely dull witted - 't doesn’t notice being did hit. However, 't can’t standeth hunger for coequal a second. This pokémon’s corse is a seething cauldron of boiling magma:::: camerupt hath a volcano inside its corse. Magma of 18,000 degrees f courses through its corse. Occasionally, the humps on this pokémon’s back erupt, spewing the superheated magma:::: torkoal digs through mountains in search of coal. If 't be true 't finds some, 't fills hollow spaces on its shell with the coal and burns 't. If 't be true 't is did attack, this pokémon spouts thick black smoke to did beat a retreat:::: spoink bounces 'round on its tail. The shock of its bouncing maketh its heart pump. As a result, this pokémon cannot afford to cease bouncing - if 't be true 't stops, its heart wilt cease:::: grumpig uses the black pearls on its corse to amplify its psychic power waves for gaining total control ov'r its foe. At which hour this pokémon uses its special power, its snorting breath grows labored:::: all the spinda yond exist in the ordinary art did doth sayeth to hath't utterly unique spot patterns. The shaky, tottering steps of this pokémon giveth 't the compliment extern of dancing:::: its big chaps crunch through boulders. Because its headeth is so big, 't hath a hard time getting back upright if 't be true 't tips ov'r onto its back:::: to maketh prey faint, vibrava generates ultrasonic waves by vigorously making its two wings vibrate. This pokémon’s ultrasonic waves art so powerful, they can bringeth on headaches in people:::: flygon is nicknamed “the elemental spirit of the desert.” because its flapping wings whip up a cloud of sand, this pokémon is at each moment enveloped in a sandstorm while flying:::: cacnea liveth in arid locations such as deserts. 't releases a stout aroma from its flower to attract prey. At which hour prey cometh near, this pokémon shoots sharp thorns from its corse to bringeth the victim down:::: during the daytime, cacturne remains unmoving so yond 't doest not loseth any moisture to the harsh desert travelling lamp. This pokémon becomes factious at night at which hour the temperature gouts:::: swablu hath light and fluffy wings yond art like cottony clouds. This pokémon is not did gallow of people. 't lands on the heads of people and sits thither like a cotton-fluff coxcomb:::: altaria dances and wheels through the sky 'mongst billowing, cotton-like clouds. By singing melodies in its crystal-clear voice, this pokémon maketh its listeners experience dreamy wonderment:::: memories of battling its arch-rival seviper art etched into every cell of zangoose’s corse. This pokémon adroitly dodges attacks with incredible agility:::: seviper shares a generations-long feud with zangoose. The scars on its corse art evidence of vicious battles. This pokémon attacks using its bodkin- edged tail:::: lunatone wast did discover at a location whither a meteorite did fall. As a result, some people theorize yond this pokémon did doth cometh from space. However, nay one hath been able to prove this theory so far:::: solrock is a new species of pokémon yond is did doth sayeth to hath't fallen from space. 't floats in air and moves silently. In hurlyburly, this pokémon releases intensely bright light:::: barboach’s comptible whiskers serveth as a superb radar system. This pokémon hides in mud, leaving only its two whiskers exposed while 't waits for prey to cometh 'long:::: whiscash is extremely territorial. Just one of these pokémon wilt claim a large pond as its exclusive territory. If 't be true a foe approaches 't, 't thrashes about and triggers a massive earthquake:::: corphish wast originally foreign pokémon yond wast did import as pets. They eventually did turn up in the wild. This pokémon is very hardy and hath greatly did increase its population:::: crawdaunt hath an extremely termagant nature yond compels 't to dare other living things to hurlyburly. Other life-forms refuse to liveth in ponds did inhabit by this pokémon, making those folk blasted places:::: baltoy moves while spinning 'round on its one foot. Primitive mure paintings depicting this pokémon living 'mongst people wast did discover in some ancient ruins:::: claydol art did doth sayeth to beest dolls of mud did maketh by primitive humans and did doth endue to life by exposure to a mysterious ray. This pokémon moves about while levitating:::: lileep did doth becometh extinct approximately a hundred million years ago. This ancient pokémon attaches itself to a rock on the seafloor and catches approaching prey using tentacles did shape like flower petals:::: cradily roams 'round the ocean floor in search of food. This pokémon freely extends its tree trunk-like neck and captures unwary prey using its eight tentacles:::: anorith wast regenerated from a prehistoric fossil. This primitive pokémon once did live in warm flotes. 't grips its prey firmly between its two large claws:::: armaldo’s tough armor maketh all attacks bounce off. This pokémon’s two enormous claws can beest freely did extend or did contract. They hath't the power to punch right through a steel slab:::: feebas’s fins art ragged and tattered from the start of its life. Because of its shoddy compliment extern, this pokémon is largely did ignore. 't is capable of living in both the flote and in rivers:::: milotic is did doth sayeth to beest the most quite quaint of all the pokémon. 't hath the power to becalm such emotions as snuffs and hostility to quell bitter feuding:::: castform’s compliment extern changes with the weather. This pokémon did gain the ability to useth the vast power of nature to protect its tiny corse:::: kecleon is capable of changing its corse colors at wilt to blend in with its surroundings. Thither is one exception - this pokémon can’t changeth the zigzag pattern on its belly:::: shuppet is did attract by feelings of jealousy and vindictiveness. If 't be true someone develops stout feelings of vengeance, this pokémon wilt appeareth in a swarm and line up beneath the eaves of yond person’s home:::: banette generates energy for laying stout curses by sticking pins into its own corse. This pokémon wast originally a pitiful plush doll yond wast thrown hence:::: duskull can passeth through any mure nay matter how thick 't may beest. Once this pokémon chooses a target, 'twill doggedly pursue the intended victim until the breaketh of dawn:::: dusclops’s corse is completely hollow - thither is nothing at all inside. 't is did doth sayeth yond its corse is like a black hole. This pokémon wilt absorb aught into its corse, but nothing wilt ever cometh back out:::: the bunches of fruit 'round tropius’s neck art very popular with children. This pokémon loves fruit, and engluts 't continuously. Apparently, its love for fruit resulted in its own outgrowth of fruit:::: emitting ultrasonic cries, 't floats on winds to travel most wondrous distances:::: every time absol appears ere people, 't is did follow by a disaster such as an earthquake or a tidal waft. As a result, 't did doth cometh to beest known as the disaster pokémon:::: wynaut can at each moment beest seen with a big, joyous smileth on its visage. Behold at its tail to determine if 't be true 't is did fall. At which hour angered, this pokémon wilt beest slapping the did grind with its tail:::: snorunt liveth in climatures with heavy snowfall. In seasons without snow, such as spring and summer, this pokémon steals hence to liveth quietly 'mongst stalactites and stalagmites deep in caverns:::: glalie hath a corse did maketh of rock, which 't hardens with an armor of ice. This pokémon hath the ability to freeze moisture in the atmosphere into any shape 't desires:::: spheal is much faster rolling than walking to receiveth 'round. At which hour groups of this pokémon englut, they all clap betimes to showeth their pleasure. Because of this, their mealtimes art noisy:::: sealeo hath the habit of at each moment juggling on the tip of its nose aught 't sees for the first time. This pokémon occasionally entertains itself by balancing and rolling a spheal on its nose:::: walrein’s two massively did develop tusks can totally shatter blocks of ice weighing ten tons with one blow. This pokémon’s thick coat of blubber insulates 't from subzero temperatures:::: clamperl’s sturdy shell is not only valorous for protection - 't is eke did lay-to for clamping and catching prey. A fully grown clamperl’s shell wilt beest scored with nicks and scratches all ov'r:::: 't liveth deep in the pitch-dark flote. 't attracts prey by moving its tail in mimicry of a bawbling animal:::: gorebyss liveth in the southern flotes at extreme depths. Its corse is did doth build to withstand the enormous pressure of water at incredible depths. Because of this, this pokémon’s corse is unharmed by ordinary attacks:::: 't hath did remain unchanged for 100 million years. 't wast did discover during a deep-flote exploration:::: luvdisc liveth in shallow flotes in the tropics. This heart-did shape pokémon did earn its name by swimming after loving couples 't spotted in the ocean’s waves:::: bagon hath a dream of one day soaring in the sky. In doomed efforts to fly, this pokémon hurls itself off cliffs. As a result of its dives, its headeth hath grown tough and as hard as tempered steel:::: inside shelgon’s armor-like shell, cells art in the midst of transformation to maketh an entirely new corse. This pokémon’s shell is extremely heavy, making its movements sluggish:::: salamence did doth cometh about as a result of a stout, long-did hold dream of growing wings. 't is did doth sayeth yond this powerful desire triggered a sudden mutation in this pokémon’s cells, causing 't to sprout its magnificent wings:::: its cells art all magnetic, and 't communicates with others by using magnetic pulses:::: at which hour two beldum fuse together, metang is did form. The brains of the beldum art did join by a magnetic nervous system. By linking its brains magnetically, this pokémon generates stout psychokinetic power:::: metagross hath four brains in total. Combined, the four brains can breeze through sore calculations faster than a supercomputer. This pokémon can float in the air by tucking in its four forks:::: regirock wast sealed hence by people long ago. If 't be true this pokémon’s corse is did damage in hurlyburly, 't is did doth sayeth to seek out suitable rocks on its own to repair itself:::: regice’s corse wast did maketh during an ice age. The deep-frozen corse can’t beest did melt, coequal by fire. This pokémon controls frigid air of minus 328 degrees f:::: registeel hath a corse yond is harder than any kind of metal. Its corse is apparently hollow. Nay one hath any idea what this pokémon engluts:::: latias is highly comptible to the emotions of people. If 't be true 't senses any hostility, this pokémon ruffles the feathers all ov'r its corse and cries shrilly to intimidate the foe:::: latios hath the ability to maketh its foe see an image of what 't hath seen or imagines in its headeth. This pokémon is intelligent and understands human speech:::: kyogre hath the power to maketh massive rain clouds yond covereth the entire sky and bringeth about torrential downpours. This pokémon did save people who is't wast suffering from droughts:::: groudon hath long been did describe in mythology as the pokémon yond hath raised lands and did expand continents. This pokémon did take to catch but a wink after a cataclysmic hurlyburly with kyogre:::: rayquaza did live for hundreds of millions of years in the earth’s ozone layer, nev'r descending to the did grind. This pokémon appears to feed on water and particles in the atmosphere:::: a legend states yond jirachi wilt maketh true any wish yond is writ on notes attached to its headeth at which hour 't awakens. If 't be true this pokémon senses danger, 'twill square without awakening:::: the dna of a space virus underwent a sudden mutation upon exposure to a laser beam and resulted in deoxys. The crystalline organ on this pokémon’s chest appears to beest its brain:::: did maketh from soil, the shell on its back hardens at which hour 't drinks water. 't liveth 'long lakes:::: 't liveth 'long water in forests. In the daytime, 't leaves the forest to sunbathe its did tree shell:::: bawbling pokémon occasionally gather on its unmoving back to beginneth building their aeries:::: 't agilely scales sheer cliffs to liveth atop craggy mountains. Its fire is did put out at which hour 't sleeps:::: to intimidate attackers, 't stretches the fire on its tail to maketh itself appeareth bigger:::: 't uses a special kind of martial arts involving all its limbs. Its fire nev'r goeth out:::: because 't is very fustian, 't hates accepting food from people. Its thick down guards 't from bitter cold:::: 't liveth high-lone, hence from others. Apparently, every one of those folk believes 't is the most important:::: the three horns yond extend from its beak attest to its power. The vaward hath the biggest horns:::: they flock in most wondrous numbers. Though bawbling, they flap their wings with most wondrous power:::: 't flies 'round forests and fields in search of bug pokémon. 't stays within a huge flock:::: 't hath a savage nature. 'twill courageously dare foes yond art much larger:::: with nerves of steel, nothing can perturb 't. 't is moo agile and factious than 't appears:::: 't maketh its aery by damming streams with bark and mud. 't is known as an industrious worker:::: 't shakes its headeth back to front, causing its antennae to did hit each other and sound like a xylophone:::: 't crosses its knifelike arms in front of its chest at which hour 't cries. 't can compose melodies ad lib:::: all of its fur dazzles if 't be true danger is sensed. 't flees while the foe is momentarily blinded:::: its claws loose electricity with enow amperage to cause fainting. They liveth in bawbling groups:::: 't hath eyes yond can see through aught. 't spots and captures prey hiding behind objects:::: ov'r the winter, 't closes its bud and endures the bitter cold. In spring, the bud opens and releases pollen:::: 't attracts prey with a sweet aroma, then downs 't with thorny whips enshielf in its arms:::: 't did live in jungles 'round 100 million years ago. Its death's-mazzard is as hard as iron:::: its powerful headeth buttocks hath enow power to shatter coequal the most durable things upon impact:::: a pokémon yond did live in jungles 'round 100 million years ago. Its facial encave is extremely hard:::: any frontal attack is repulsed. 't is a docile pokémon yond feeds on grass and berries:::: to shelter itself from bitter cold, wintry winds, 't covers itself with a cloak did maketh of twigs and leaves:::: at which hour burmy evolved, its cloak did doth becometh a part of this pokémon’s corse. The cloak is nev'r did shed:::: 't loves the honey of flowers and steals honey did collect by combee:::: a pokémon did form by three others. 't busily carries sweet floral honey to vespiquen:::: its abdomen is a honeycomb for grubs. 't raises its grubs on honey did collect by combee:::: 't maketh fur balls yond crackle with static electricity. 't stores those folk with berries in tree holes:::: 't hath a flotation sac yond is like an inflatable collar. 't floats on water with its headeth out:::: 't floats using its well-did develop flotation sac. 't assists in the rescues of drowning people:::: the bawbling ball holds the nutrients did need for evolution. Apparently, 't is very sweet and tasty:::: 't blooms during times of stout sunlight. 't tries to maketh up for everything 't did endure as a bud:::: its shape and coloration vary, depending on its habitat:::: 't hath a pliable corse without any bones. If 't be true any part of its corse is torn off, 't grows right back:::: to englut, 't deftly shucks nuts with its two tails. 't rarely uses its arms anon:::: a pokémon did form by the spirits of people and pokémon. 't loves damp, humid seasons:::: 't’s drowzy in daytime, but flies off in the evening in big groups. Nay one knoweth whither they wend:::: 't slams foes by sharply uncoiling its did roll ears. 't stings enow to maketh a grown-up caterwauling in teen:::: an extremely cautious pokémon. 't cloaks its corse with its fluffy ear fur at which hour 't senses danger:::: its cries sound like incantations. Those hearing 't art tormented by headaches and hallucinations:::: becoming factious at night, 't is known to swarm with numerous murkrow in tow:::: 't claws if 't be true displeased and purrs at which hour affectionate. Its fickleness is very popular 'mongst some:::: 't is a brazen brute yond barges its way into another pokémon’s aery and claims 't as its own:::: 't emits cries by agitating an orb at the back of its throat. 't moves with flouncing hops:::: 't protects itself by spraying a noxious fluid from its rear. The stench lingers for 24 hours:::: 't sprays a vile-smelling fluid from the tip of its tail to attack. Its range is ov'r 160 feet:::: implements did shape like 'twere did discover in ancient tombs. 't is unknown if 't be true they art did relate:::: one did cause a news sensation at which hour 't wast did dig up at a construction site after a 2,000-year catch but a wink:::: 't prefers an arid atmosphere. 't leaks water yond looks like gouts of sorrow at which hour adjusting its moisture level:::: 't habitually mimics foes. Once mimicked, the foe cannot taketh its eyes off this pokémon:::: 't loves round white things. 't carries an egg-did shape rock in imitation of chansey:::: 't can learneth and speaketh human words. If 't be true they gather, they all learneth the same declaring:::: a pokémon yond wast did form by 108 spirits. 't is did bind to a fissure in an odd keystone:::: 't aeries in bawbling, horizontal holes in cave walls. 't pounces to catcheth prey yond stray too close:::: thither is a long-did hold belief yond medicine did maketh from its scales wilt heal coequal incurable illnesses:::: at which hour 't folds up its corse and extends its wings, 't looks like a jet plane. 't flies at sonic speed:::: 't wolfs down its weight in food once a day, swallowing food whole with almost nay chewing:::: the aura yond emanates from its corse intensifies to alert others if 't be true 't is afraid or depress'd:::: 't hath the ability to sense the auras of all things. 't understands human speech:::: 't liveth in arid places. Instead of perspiration, 't expels grainy sand from its corse:::: 't blasts internally did store sand from ports on its corse to maketh a towering twister for attack:::: 't grips prey with its tail claws and injects poison. 't tenaciously hangs on until the poison doth take:::: 't hath the power in its clawed arms to maketh scrap of a car. The tips of its claws release poison:::: its cheeks hold poison sacs. 't tries to catcheth foes off guard to jab those folk with toxic fingers:::: its knuckle claws secrete a toxin so vile yond coequal a scratch couldst prove fatal:::: 't attracts prey with its sweet- smelling saliva, then chomps down. 't doth take a whole day to englut prey:::: after long exposure to sunlight, the patterns on its tail fins shine vividly at which hour darkness arrives:::: 't liveth on the deep-flote floor. 't attracts prey by flashing the patterns on its four tail fins:::: a gentle pokémon yond captures the subtle flows of seawater using its two antennae:::: 't liveth on snowy mountains. Having did hath't dram contact with humans, 't is boldly inquisitive:::: 't whips up blizzards in mountains yond art at each moment did inurn in snow. 't is the abominable snowman:::: they liveth in bitter cold climatures, forming groups of four or five yond hunt prey with impressive coordination:::: 't evolved from exposure to a special magnetic field. Three units generate magnetism:::: 't wraps things with its extensible tongue. Getting too close to 't wilt leaveth thee soaked with drool:::: 't puts rocks in holes in its palms and uses its muscles to shoot those folk. Geodude art did shoot at rare times:::: 't ensnares prey by extending arms did maketh of vines. Losing arms to predators doest not ado 't:::: 't pushes the tips of its two tails 'gainst the foe, then lets loose with ov'r 20,000 volts of power:::: 't blasts fireballs of ov'r 3,600 degrees f from the ends of its arms. 't liveth in volcanic craters:::: 'twill nev'r appeareth whither thither is strife. Its sightings hath't becometh rare recently:::: by churning its wings, 't creates shock waves yond inflict critical internal injuries to foes:::: just like a plant, 't uses photosynthesis. As a result, 't is at each moment enveloped in clear air:::: as a protective technique, 't can completely freeze its fur to maketh its hairs standeth like needles:::: 't observes prey while hanging inverted from branches. At which hour the chance presents itself, 't swoops:::: its impressive tusks art did maketh of ice. The population thinned at which hour 't did turn warm after the ice age:::: additional software wast did install to maketh 't a better pokémon. 't did doth beginneth acting oddly, however:::: a master of courtesy and swordsmanship, 't fights using extending bodkins on its elbows:::: 't freely controls three bawbling units did doth clepe mini-noses using magnetic force:::: the antenna on its headeth captures radio waves from the ordinary of spirits yond hest 't to taketh people thither:::: 't freezes foes with an icy breath nearly -60 degrees f. What seemeth to beest its corse is actually hollow:::: its corse is composed of plasma. 't is known to infiltrate electronic devices and wreak havoc:::: known as “the being of knowledge.” 't is did doth sayeth yond 't can wipe out the memory of those who is't see its eyes:::: known as “the being of emotion.” 't did teach humans the nobility of sorrow, teen, and joy:::: 't is did doth bethink yond uxie, mesprit, and azelf all did doth cometh from the same egg:::: 't hath the power to control time. 't appears in sinnoh-climature myths as an ancient deity:::: 't hath the ability to distort space. 't is did describe as a deity in sinnoh-climature mythology:::: 't dwells in volcanic anters. 't digs in with its cross-did shape feet to crawl on ceilings and walls:::: thither is an enduring legend yond states this pokémon towed continents with ropes:::: a pokémon yond is did doth sayeth to liveth in a ordinary on the reverse side of ours. 't appears in an ancient cemetery:::: shiny particles art released from its wings like a veil. 't is did doth sayeth to represent the crescent moon:::: a pokémon yond liveth in warm flotes. 't inflates the flotation sac on its headeth to drift and search for food:::: born on a bitter cold seafloor, 't wilt swim most wondrous distances to returneth to its birthplace:::: 't can lull people to catch but a wink and maketh those folk dream. 't is factious during nights of the new moon:::: 't liveth in flower patches and avoids detection by curling up to behold like a flowering plant:::: 't is did betoken in mythology yond this pokémon wast born ere the universe coequal did exist:::: this pokémon endues victory. 't is did doth sayeth yond trainers with victini at each moment winneth, regardless of the type of encounter:::: 't is very intelligent and halcyon. Being exposed to lots of sunlight maketh its movements swifter:::: 't moves 'long the did grind as if 't be true sliding. Its swift movements befuddle its foes, and 't then attacks with a vine whip:::: 't can cease its opponents’ movements with just a glaze. 't doth take in solar energy and boosts 't internally:::: 't can deftly check at its foe’s attacks while shooting fireballs from its nose. 't roasts berries ere 't engluts those folk:::: at which hour its internal fire flares up, its movements groweth sharper and faster. At which hour in ado, 't emits smoke:::: 't can throweth a fire punch by setting its fists on fire with its fiery chin. 't cares deeply about its cater-cousins:::: 't fights using the scalchop on its stomach. In response to an attack, 't retaliates immediately by slashing:::: strict training is how 't learns its flowing double-scalchop technique:::: one swing of the bodkin incorporated in its armor can did fall an opponent. A simple glaze from one of those folk quiets everybody:::: using food did store in cheek pouches, they can keepeth gaze for days. They useth their tails to communicate with others:::: at which hour they see an foe, their tails standeth high, and they spit the seeds of berries did store in their cheek pouches:::: 't faces stout opponents with most wondrous courage. But, at which hour at a disadvantage in a square, this intelligent pokémon flees:::: 't hath black, cape-like fur yond is very hard and decreases the amount of damage 't receives:::: 't rescues people stranded by blizzards in the mountains. Its shaggy fur shields 't from the bitter cold:::: they steal from people for excit'ment, but their victims can’t holp but forgive those folk. Their deceptively cute act is perfect:::: these pokémon vanish and appeareth unexpectedly. Many trainers art drawn to their quite quaint form and fur:::: this pokémon dwells deep in the forest. Eating a leaf from its headeth whisks weariness hence as if 't be true by charm:::: ill tempered, 't fights by swinging its barbed tail 'round wildly. The leaf growing on its headeth is very bitter:::: at which hour 't is angered, the temperature of its headeth tuft reaches 600° f. 't uses its tuft to roast berries:::: 't loves marchpanes because they becometh energy for the fire burning inside its corse:::: the water did store inside the tuft on its headeth is full of nutrients. Plants yond taketh its water groweth large:::: the tuft on its headeth holds water. At which hour the level runs base, 't replenishes the tuft by siphoning up water with its tail:::: munna at each moment float in the air. People whose dreams art eaten by those folk forget what the dreams did hath't been about:::: the humour emanating from their foreheads is packed with the dreams of people and pokémon:::: each follows its trainer’s orders as most wondrous 't can, but they oft fail to understandeth complicated hests:::: 't can returneth to its trainer’s location regardless of the distance separating those folk:::: males swing their headeth plumage to threaten opponents. The females’ flying abilities surpass those of the males:::: its mane shines at which hour 't discharges electricity. They useth their flashing manes to communicate with one another:::: they hath't lightning-like movements. At which hour zebstrika runneth at full speed, the sound of thunder reverberates:::: its ear is hexagonal in shape. Compressed underground, its corse is as hard as steel:::: at which hour 't overflows with power, the orange crystal on its corse glows. 't looks for underground water in anters:::: compressing the energy from its internal core lets 't fire off an attack capable of blowing hence a mountain:::: its habitat is dark forests and anters. 't emits ultrasonic waves from its nose to learneth about its surroundings:::: 't emits sound waves of various frequencies from its nose, enwheeling some powerful enow to destroy rocks:::: 't can dig through the did grind at a speed of 30 mph. 't couldst giveth a car running aboveground a valorous race:::: 't can holp in tunnel construction. Its drill hath evolved into steel stout enow to did bear through iron plates:::: 't touches others with the feelers on its ears, using the sound of their heartbeats to telleth how they art humour:::: 't fights by swinging a piece of lumber 'round. 't is close to evolving at which hour 't can dudgeon the lumber without difficulty:::: this pokémon is so muscular and strongly did doth build yond coequal a group of wrestlers couldst not maketh 't budge an inch:::: 't is did doth bethink yond conkeldurr did teach humans how to maketh concrete moo than 2,000 years ago:::: they warn others of danger by vibrating their cheeks to maketh a high-pitched sound:::: at which hour they vibrate the jowls on their heads, they can maketh waves in water or earthquake-like vibrations on land:::: they shoot paralyzing liquid from their headeth jowls. They useth vibration to did hurt their opponents:::: at which hour 't tightens its belt, 't becomes stronger. Wild throh useth vines to weave their own belts:::: the sound of sawk punching boulders and trees can beest did hear all the way from the mountains whither they train:::: leavanny dress 't in robes they did maketh for 't at which hour 't did hatch. 't hides its headeth in its hood while 't is sleeping:::: forests whither swadloon liveth hath't superb foliage because the nutrients they maketh from fallen leaves nourish the plant life:::: upon finding a bawbling pokémon, 't weaves clothing for 't from leaves, using the cutters on its arms and sticky silk:::: its bite injects a potent poison, enow to paralyze large bird pokémon yond tryeth to prey on 't:::: did protect by a hard shell, 't spins its corse like a wheel and crashes furiously into its enemies:::: with quick movements, 't chases down its foes, attacking relentlessly with its horns until 't prevails:::: at which hour did attack, 't escapes by shooting cotton from its corse. The cotton serves as a decoy to distract the attacker:::: like the wind, 't can slip through any gap, nay matter how bawbling. 't leaves balls of white fluff behind:::: the leaves on its headeth art very bitter. Eating one of these leaves is known to refresh a did tire corse:::: coequal veteran trainers visage a dare in getting its quite quaint flower to bloom. This pokémon is popular with celebrities:::: red and blue basculin receiveth 'long so poorly, they’ll start fighting instantly. These pokémon art very hostile:::: they liveth did inurn in the sands of the desert. The travelling lamp-warmed sands prevent their corse temperature from dropping:::: they liveth in groups of a few individuals. Protective membranes buckler their eyes from sandstorms:::: they nev'r allow prey to escape. Their chaps art so powerful, they can crush the corse of an automobile:::: at which hour its internal fire is burning, 't cannot halcyon down and 't runs 'round. At which hour the fire diminishes, 't falls asleep:::: its internal fire burns at 2,500° f, making enow power yond 't can destroy a dump truck with one punch:::: 't uses an up-tempo song and dance to drive hence the bird pokémon yond prey on its flower seeds:::: this pokémon can easily melt holes in hard rocks with a liquid secreted from its that from which we speaketh:::: competing for territory, crustle square viciously. The one whose boulder is broken is the loser of the hurlyburly:::: its skin hath a rubbery elasticity, so 't can reduce damage by defensively pulling its skin up to its neck:::: groups of those folk did beat up aught yond enters their territory. Each can spit acidic liquid from its that from which we speaketh:::: they nev'r vary the route they fly, because their memories of guarding an ancient city remain steadfast:::: each of those folk carries a mask yond did lay-to to beest its visage at which hour 't wast human. Oft they behold at 't and caterwauling:::: 't hath been did doth sayeth yond they swallow those who is't receiveth too close and turn those folk into mummies. They like to englut gold nuggets:::: restored from a fossil, this pokémon can dive to depths beyond half a mile:::: they can liveth both in the ocean and on land. A slap from one of those folk is enow to ope a hole in the bottom of a tanker:::: did doth sayeth to beest an ancestor of bird pokémon, they wast unable to fly and did move about by hopping from one branch to another:::: they art intelligent and wilt cooperate to catcheth prey. From the did grind, they useth a running start to taketh flight:::: inhaling the gas they belch wilt maketh thee catch but a wink for a week. They prefer unsanitary places:::: 't clenches opponents with its did leave armeth and finishes those folk off with foul-smelling poison gas belched from its that from which we speaketh:::: 't changes into the forms of others to hoyday those folk. Apparently, 't oft transforms into a silent issue:::: stories sayeth those who is't did tryeth to catcheth zoroark wast did trap in an illusion and did amerce:::: minccino greet each other by grooming one another thoroughly with their tails:::: their white fur is coated in a special oil yond maketh 't easy for those folk to deflect attacks:::: their ribbonlike feelers increase their psychic power. They art at each moment staring at something:::: they useth hypnosis to control people and pokémon. Tales of gothorita leading people astray art did betoken in every corner:::: starry skies thousands of light-years hence art visible in the space distorted by their intense psychic power:::: they drive hence attackers by unleashing psychic power. They can useth telepathy to talk with others:::: since they hath't two did divide brains, at times they suddenly tryeth to taketh two different actions betimes:::: at which hour reuniclus shake hands, a network forms between their brains, increasing their psychic power:::: these bird pokémon art excellent divers. They swim 'round in the water eating their highest in estimation food--peat moss:::: swanna start to dance at dusk. The one dancing in the middle is the vaward of the flock:::: the temperature of their breath is -58° f. They maketh snow crystals and maketh snow falleth in the areas 'round those folk:::: snowy mountains art this pokémon’s habitat. During an ancient ice age, they did move to southern areas:::: swallowing large amounts of water, they maketh snow clouds inside their bodies and attack their foes with termagant blizzards:::: the color and scent of their fur changes to match the mountain grass. At which hour they sense hostility, they encave in the grass:::: they migrate according to the seasons. People can telleth the season by looking at sawsbuck’s horns:::: the energy did maketh in its cheeks’ electric pouches is did store inside its membrane and released while 't is gliding:::: these mysterious pokémon evolve at which hour they taketh electrical stimulation while they art in the same lodging as shelmet:::: they fly 'round at high speed, striking with their did point spears. Coequal at which hour in ado, they visage opponents bravely:::: 't lures people in with its poké ball pattern, then releases poison spores. Wherefore 't resembles a poké ball is unknown:::: 't lures prey close by dancing and waving its armeth caps, which resemble poké balls, in a swaying motion:::: with its thin, veil-like arms wrapped 'round the corse of its opponent, 't sinks to the ocean floor:::: the fate of the ships and crew yond wander into jellicent’s habitat:::: all sunken, all did lose, all did vanish:::: they float upon the ope flote. Many water pokémon gather in the area 'round alomomola:::: joltik yond liveth in cities hath't learned a technique for sucking electricity from the outlets in houses:::: at which hour did attack, they maketh an electric barrier by spitting out many electrically did charge threads:::: at which hour threatened, 't attacks by shooting a barrage of spikes, which gives 't a chance to escape by rolling hence:::: 't fights by swinging 'round its three spiky feelers. A did hit from these steel spikes can reduce a boulder to rubble:::: the two minigears yond mesh together art predetermined. Each wilt rebound from other minigears without meshing:::: by changing the direction in which 't rotates, 't communicates its feelings to others. At which hour did fall, 't rotates faster:::: its red core functions as an energy tank. 't fires the did charge energy through its spikes into an area:::: while one high-lone doesn’t hath't much power, a bilboes of many tynamo can beest as powerful as lightning:::: they coil 'round foes and shock those folk with electricity-generating organs yond seemeth simply to beest circular patterns:::: they crawl out of the ocean using their arms. They wilt attack prey on did shear and immediately drag 't into the ocean:::: 't uses its stout psychic power to squeeze its opponent’s brain, causing unendurable headaches:::: 't can manipulate an opponent’s memory. Apparently, 't communicates by flashing its three different-colored fingers:::: litwick shines a light yond absorbs the life energy of people and pokémon, which becomes the fuel yond 't burns:::: this ominous pokémon is feared. Through cities 't wanders, searching for the spirits of the fallen:::: 't absorbs a spirit, which 't then burns. By waving the flames on its arms, 't puts its foes into a hypnotic trance:::: they useth their tusks to crush the berries they englut. Did repeat regrowth maketh their tusks stout and sharp:::: since a broken tusk wilt not groweth back, they diligently sharpen their tusks on river rocks after they’ve been fighting:::: they art kind but can beest relentless at which hour defending territory. They dare foes with tusks yond can did doth cut steel:::: at which hour 't is not humour well, its mucus gets watery and the power of its ice-type moves decreases:::: 't can maketh its breath freeze at wilt. Very able in the water, 't swims 'round in northern flotes and catches prey:::: at which hour its corse temperature goeth up, 't turns into steam and vanishes. At which hour its temperature lowers, 't returns to ice:::: at which hour did attack, 't defends itself by closing the lid of its shell. 't can spit a sticky, poisonous liquid:::: at which hour its corse dries out, 't weakens. So, to prevent dehydration, 't wraps itself in many layers of thin membrane:::: its skin is very hard, so 't is unhurt coequal if 't be true did grise on by sumo wrestlers. 't smiles at which hour transmitting electricity:::: in fights, they dominate with onslaughts of flowing, continuous attacks. With their sharp claws, they did doth cut enemies:::: 't wields the fur on its arms like a whip. Its armeth attacks cometh with such rapidity yond they cannot coequal beest seen:::: 't warms its corse by absorbing sunlight with its wings. At which hour its corse temperature falls, 't can nay longer moveth:::: the energy yond burns inside 't enables 't to moveth, but nay one hath yet been able to unfold this energy:::: 't flies across the sky at mach speeds. Removing the seal on its chest maketh its internal energy wend out of control:::: blades comprise this pokémon’s entire corse. If 't be true battling dulls the blades, 't sharpens those folk on stones by the river:::: 't leads a group of pawniard. 't battles to becometh the boss, but wilt beest driven from the group if 't be true 't loses:::: their fluffy fur absorbs damage, coequal if 't be true they strike foes with a fierce headbutt:::: they crush berries with their talons. They bravely standeth up to any opponent, nay matter how stout 't is:::: they square for their cater-cousins without any did doth bethink about danger to themselves. One can carryeth a car while flying:::: its wings art too tiny to allow 't to fly. As the time approaches for 't to evolve, 't discards the bones 't wast wearing:::: 't maketh a aery out of bones 't finds. 't grabs weakened prey in its talons and hauls 't to its aery of bones:::: 't breathes through a hole in its tail while 't burns with an internal fire. Durant is its prey:::: they attack in groups, covering themselves in steel armor to protect themselves from heatmor:::: 't tends to bite everything, and 't is not a picky eater. Approaching 't carelessly is dangerous:::: after 't hath eaten up all the food in its territory, 't moves to another area. Its two heads doth not receiveth 'long:::: this brutal pokémon travels the skies on its six wings. Aught yond moves seemeth like a foe to 't, triggering its attack:::: this pokémon wast did doth believe to hath't been born from the travelling lamp. At which hour 't evolves, its entire corse is engulfed in flames:::: at which hour volcanic ash collied the atmosphere, 't is did doth sayeth yond volcarona’s fire did provide a replacement for the travelling lamp:::: this legendary pokémon battled 'gainst humans to protect pokémon. Its personality is halcyon and composed:::: this pokémon did doth cometh to the defense of pokémon yond did hath't did lose their homes in a war 'mongst humans:::: this pokémon did doth square humans in charge to protect its cater-cousins. Legends about 't continueth to beest did pass down:::: the lower half of its corse is wrapped in a cloud of energy. 't zooms through the sky at 200 mph:::: countless charred remains mar the landscape of places through which thundurus hath did pass:::: this pokémon appears in legends. 't sends flames into the air from its tail, burning up everything 'round 't:::: concealing itself in lightning clouds, 't flies throughout the unova climature. 't creates electricity in its tail:::: lands visited by landorus grant such bountiful crops yond 't hath been hailed as “the guardian of the fields.”:::: 't generates a powerful, freezing energy inside itself, but its corse did doth becometh frozen at which hour the energy did leak out:::: by blasting water from its hooves, 't can glide across water. 't excels at using leggeth moves while battling:::: its melodies art sung with a special vocalization method yond can control the feelings of those who is't heareth 't:::: ov'r 300 million years ago, 't wast feared as the strongest of hunters. 't hath been did modify by team plasma:::: the quills on its headeth art usually soft. At which hour 't flexes those folk, the points becometh so hard and sharp yond they can pierce rock:::: 't relies on its sturdy shell to deflect predators’ attacks. 't counterattacks with its sharp quills:::: its tackle is forceful enow to flip a 50-ton tank. 't shields its allies from danger with its own corse:::: eating a twig fills 't with energy, and its roomy ears giveth vent to air hotter than 390 degrees fahrenheit:::: 't hath a twig did stick in its tail. With friction from its tail fur, 't sets the twig on fire and launches into hurlyburly:::: 't gazes into the flame at the tip of its branch to achieve a focused state, which allows 't to see into the future:::: 't secretes flexible bubbles from its chest and back. The bubbles reduce the damage 't would otherwise taketh at which hour did attack:::: 't can throweth bubble-did cover pebbles with precise control, hitting exsufflicate cans up to a hundred feet hence:::: 't creates throwing stars out of compressed water. At which hour 't spins those folk and throws those folk at high speed, these stars can did split metal in two:::: they useth their large ears to dig burrows. They wilt dig the whole night through:::: with their powerful ears, they can heft boulders of a ton or moo with ease. They can beest a big holp at construction sites:::: these gentle pokémon sendeth signals to one another with quite quaint chirps and tail-feather movements:::: from its beak, 't expels embers yond did set the tall grass on fire. Then 't pounces on the bewildered prey yond pop out of the grass:::: in the fever of an exciting hurlyburly, 't showers embers from the gaps between its feathers and doth take to the air:::: at which hour under attack from bird pokémon, 't spews a poisonous black powder yond causes paralysis on contact:::: 't liveth enshielf within thicket shadows. At which hour predators attack, 't apace bristles the fur covering its corse in an effort to threaten those folk:::: vivillon with many different patterns art did find all ov'r the ordinary. These patterns art affectioned by the climate of their habitat:::: the stronger the opponent 't faces, the moo heat surges from its mane and the moo power flows through its corse:::: the male with the largest mane of fire is the vaward of the pride:::: 't draws out and controls the enshielf power of flowers. The flower flabébé holds is most likely part of its corse:::: 't flutters 'round fields of flowers and cares for flowers yond art starting to wilt. 't draws out the enshielf power of flowers to hurlyburly:::: 't claims exquisite flower gardens as its territory, and 't obtains power from basking in the energy emitted by flowering plants:::: did doth bethink to beest one of the first pokémon to liveth in harmony with humans, 't hath a placid disposition:::: 't can telleth how its trainer is humour by subtle shifts in the grip on its horns. This empathic sense lets those folk runneth as if 't be true one being:::: 't doest its most wondrous to beest taken gravely by its enemies, but its glaze is not sufficiently intimidating. Chewing on a leaf is its trademark:::: although 't possesses a termagant humour, 't did win’t did put up with bullying. 't uses the leaf in its that from which we speaketh to sense the movements of its enemies:::: trimming its fluffy fur not only maketh 't moo elegant but eke increases the swiftness of its movements:::: the organ yond emits its intense psychic power is sheltered by its ears to keepeth power from leaking out:::: at which hour in danger, 't raises its ears and releases enow psychic power to grind a 10-ton truck into dust:::: apparently this pokémon is born at which hour a departed spirit inhabits a bodkin. 't attaches itself to people and drinks their life force:::: at which hour honedge evolves, 't divides into two bodkins, which cooperate via telepathy to coordinate attacks and slash their enemies to ribbons:::: generations of kings wast did attend by these pokémon, which did lay-to their spectral power to manipulate and control people and pokémon:::: 't emits a scent yond enraptures those who is't smelleth 't. This fragrance changes depending on what 't hath eaten:::: 't devises various scents, pleasant and unpleasant, and emits scents yond its enemies dislike in charge to gain an edge in hurlyburly:::: to entangle its opponents in hurlyburly, 't extrudes white threads as sweet and sticky as cotton marchpane:::: 't can distinguish the faintest of scents. 't puts its comptible sense of smelleth to useth by helping pastry chefs in their worketh:::: opponents who is't stare at the flashing of the light-emitting spots on its corse becometh dazed and loseth their wilt to square:::: 't wields the most compelling hypnotic powers of any pokémon, and 't forces others to doth thither's few or none will entertain it 't wanteth:::: two binacle liveth together on one rock. At which hour they square, one of those folk wilt moveth to a different rock:::: at which hour they evolve, two binacle multiply into seven. They square with the power of seven binacle:::: camouflaged as rotten kelp, they spray liquid poison on prey yond approaches unawares and then finish 't off:::: their poison is stout enow to englut through the hull of a tanker, and they spit 't indiscriminately at aught yond enters their territory:::: they knap down flying prey by firing compressed water from their massive claws like shooting a pistol:::: their enormous claws launch cannonballs of water powerful enow to pierce tanker hulls:::: they maketh their home in deserts. They can generate their energy from basking in the travelling lamp, so eating food is not a requirement:::: they flare their frills and generate energy. A single heliolisk can generate sufficient electricity to power a skyscraper:::: this pokémon wast restored from a fossil. If 't be true something happeneth yond 't doesn’t like, 't throws a tantrum and runs wild:::: the king of the ancient ordinary, 't can easily crunch a car with the devastating strength of its enormous chaps:::: this ancient pokémon wast restored from part of its corse yond did hath't been frozen in ice for ov'r 100 million years:::: the diamond-did shape crystals on its corse expel air as bitter cold as -240 degrees fahrenheit, surrounding its enemies and encasing those folk in ice:::: 't sends a soothing aura from its ribbonlike feelers to halcyon fights:::: although its corse is bawbling, its proficient fighting arts enable 't to keepeth up with big bruisers like machamp and hariyama:::: its whiskers serveth as antennas. By sending and receiving electrical waves, 't can communicate with others ov'r vast distances:::: born from the temperatures and pressures deep underground, 't fires beams from the stone in its headeth:::: the weakest dragon-type pokémon, 't liveth in damp, shady places, so its corse doesn’t dry out:::: 't drives hence opponents by excreting a sticky liquid yond can dissolve aught. Its eyes devolved, so 't can’t see aught:::: this very gentle dragon-type pokémon wilt hug its beloved trainer, leaving yond trainer did cover in sticky slime:::: these key collectors threaten any attackers by fiercely jingling their keys at those folk:::: these pokémon art did create at which hour spirits possess rotten tree stumps. They prefer to liveth in masterless forests:::: 't can control trees at wilt. 'twill trap people who is't harm the forest, so they can nev'r leaveth:::: bawbling pumpkaboo art did doth sayeth to beest the product of areas whither few did lose souls lingered:::: singing in eerie voices, they wander town streets on the night of the new moon. Anyone who is't hears their song is cursed:::: 't blocks opponents’ attacks with the ice yond shields its corse. 't uses bitter cold air to repair any cracks with new ice:::: its ice-did cover corse is as hard as steel. Its cumbersome frame crushes aught yond stands in its way:::: they liveth in pitch-black anters. Their enormous ears can emit ultrasonic waves of 200,000 hertz:::: they fly 'round on moonless nights and attack careless prey. Nothing can did beat those folk in a hurlyburly in the dark:::: legends sayeth 't can share eternal life. 't did sleep for a thousand years in the form of a tree ere its revival:::: at which hour this legendary pokémon’s wings and tail feathers did spread wide and glow red, 't absorbs the life force of living creatures:::: at which hour the kalos climature’s ecosystem falls into disarray, 't appears and reveals its secret power:::: a sudden transformation of carbink, its pink, glimmering corse is did doth sayeth to beest the loveliest sight in the whole ordinary:::: this troublemaker sends aught and everything to faraway places using its loop, which can warp space:::: 't lets out billows of steam and disappears into the dense fog. 't’s did doth sayeth to liveth in mountains whither humans doth not tread:::: this wary pokémon uses photosynthesis to store up energy during the day, while becoming factious at night:::: a did bite of a dandy, 't spends its free time preening its wings. Its preoccupation with any dirt on its plumage can leaveth 't unable to hurlyburly:::: 't fires arrow quills from its wings with such precision, they can pierce a pebble at distances ov'r a hundred yards:::: while grooming itself, 't builds up fur inside its stomach. 't sets the fur alight and spews fiery attacks, which changeth based on how 't coughs:::: at its throat, 't bears a bell of fire. The bell rings brightly whenever this pokémon spits fire:::: this pokémon hath a termagant, selfish disposition. If 't be true 't’s not in the humor to hark, 'twill ignore its trainer’s orders with complete nonchalance:::: this pokémon snorts corse fluids from its nose, blowing balloons to smash into its foes. 't’s famous for being a hard worker:::: a skillful dancer, 't creates a sequence of water balloons as 't dances, and briskly bombards its enemies:::: 't controls its water balloons with song. The melody is learned from others of its kind and is did pass down from one generation to the next:::: 't can peck at a rate of 16 times a second to drill holes in trees. 't uses the holes for food storage and for nesting:::: 't engluts berries and stores their seeds in its beak. At which hour 't encounters enemies or prey, 't fires off all the seeds in a did burst:::: at which hour 't battles, its beak heats up. The temperature can easily exceed 212 degrees fahrenheit, causing severe burns at which hour 't hits:::: with its sharp fangs, 'twill bite aught. 't did doth not originally liveth in alola but wast did import from another climature:::: at which hour 't finds a trace of its prey, 't patiently stakes out the location. But 't’s at each moment snoozing by nightfall:::: its stout chap enables 't to scrape trees and slurp out the sap. 't normally liveth underground:::: its corse is capable of storing electricity. On camping trips, people art grateful to hath't one 'round:::: 't zips 'round, on sharp lookout for an opening. 't concentrates electrical energy within its large chaps and uses 't to zap its enemies:::: while guarding its weak points with its pincers, 't looks for an opening and unleashes punches. At which hour 't loses, 't foams at the that from which we speaketh and faints:::: 't aimed for the top but did get did lose and ended up on a snowy mountain. Being did force to endure the bitter cold, this pokémon evolved and did groweth fur:::: 't beats its wings together to maketh fire. As 't moves in the steps of its quite quaint dance, 't bathes opponents in intense flames:::: 't feeds on the nectar and pollen of flowers. Because 't’s able to sense auras, 't can unfold which flowers art about to bloom:::: 't rolls up pollen into puffs. 't maketh many different varieties, some did lay-to as food and others did lay-to in hurlyburly:::: 't’s did doth consider to beest a valorous pokémon for beginners because of its friendliness, but its disposition grows rougher as 't grows up:::: its quick movements confuse its enemies. Well equipped with claws and fangs, 't eke uses the sharp rocks in its mane as weapons:::: at which hour 't’s in ado, its eyes moisten and beginneth to shine. The shining light attracts its comrades, and they standeth together 'gainst their enemies:::: 't plunges the poison spike on its headeth into its prey. At which hour the prey hath weakened, mareanie deals the finishing blow with its 10 tentacles:::: toxapex crawls 'long the ocean floor on its 12 forks. 't leaves a trail of corsola bits did scatter in its wake:::: the mud did stick to mudbray’s hooves enhances its grip and its powerful running gait:::: 't spits a mud yond provides resistance to both wind and rain, so the walls of fusty houses wast oft coated with 't:::: 't crawls onto the land in search of food. Its water bubble allows 't to breathe and protects its soft headeth:::: 't delivers headbutts with the water bubble on its headeth. Bawbling pokémon receiveth did suck into the bubble, whither they drown:::: during the day, 't sleeps and soaks up light. At which hour night falls, 't walks 'round looking for a safer lodging to catch but a wink:::: 't requires a lot of effort to maintain lurantis’s vivid coloring, but some collectors enjoy this worketh and treat 't as their hobby:::: 't scatters spores yond flicker and glow. Anyone seeing these lights falls into a deep slumber:::: forests whither shiinotic liveth art treacherous to enter at night. People did confuse by its strange lights can nev'r findeth their way home again:::: 't burns its bodily fluids to maketh a poisonous gas. At which hour its enemies becometh disoriented from inhaling the gas, 't attacks those folk:::: for some reason, only females hath't been did find. 't creates a reverse harem of male salandit yond 't liveth with:::: despite its adorable compliment extern, at which hour 't gets did fall and flails about, its arms and forks couldst knap a pro wrestler sprawling:::: this immensely dangerous pokémon possesses overwhelming physical strength. Its habitat is generally off-limits:::: a delectable aroma pours from its corse. They art oft did swallow whole by toucannon lured by yond wafting deliciousness:::: the sepals on its headeth did develop to protect its corse. These art quite hard, so coequal if 't be true pecked by bird pokémon, this pokémon is totally fine:::: its long, striking forks aren’t just for showeth but to beest did lay-to to kicketh with art. In victory, 't shows off by kicking the defeated, laughing boisterously:::: 't attaches flowers to its highly nutritious vine. This revitalizes the flowers, and they giveth off an aromatic scent:::: known for its extreme intelligence, this pokémon wilt behold down on inexperienced trainers, so 't’s most wondrous suited to veteran trainers:::: they form groups of roughly 20 individuals. Their mutual bond is remarkable—they wilt nev'r did let down a comrade:::: this pokémon is a coward. As 't desperately dashes off, the flailing of its many forks leaves a sparkling crisp path in its wake:::: with a flashing slash of its giant sharp claws, 't cleaves seawater—or coequal air—right in two:::: born from a sand mound playfully did doth build by a issue, this pokémon embodies the grudges of the departed:::: possessed people did control by this pokémon did transform its sand mound into a castle. As 't evolved, its power to beshrew did groweth ever stronger:::: 't liveth in shallow flotes, such as areas near a beach. 't can eject its internal organs, which 't uses to engulf its prey or hurlyburly enemies:::: the heavy control mask 't wears suppresses its intrinsic capabilities. This pokémon hath some enshielf special power:::: its trust in its partner is what awakens 't. This pokémon is capable of changing its type, a flexibility yond is well did display in hurlyburly:::: originally making its home in the ozone layer, 't hurtles to the did grind at which hour the shell enclosing its corse grows too heavy:::: 't is born asleep, and 't dies asleep. All its movements art apparently nay moo than the results of 't tossing and turning in its dreams:::: the shell on its back is chemically unstable and explodes violently if 't be true did strike. The hole in its stomach is its weak point:::: the spiny fur on its back is normally at rest. At which hour this pokémon becomes agitated, its fur stands on end and stabs into its attackers:::: its actual compliment extern is unknown. A scholar who is't did see what wast under its rag wast overwhelmed by terror and did doth kicketh the bucket from the shock:::: at which hour 't unleashes its psychic power from the protuberance on its headeth, the grating sound of grinding teeth echoes through the area:::: 't hath a compassionate personality, but if 't be true 't is angered, 't completely destroys its surroundings with its intense breath:::: swinging its massive anchor, 't can ko wailord in a single blow. What appears to beest green seaweed is actually its corse:::: 't expresses its feelings by smacking its scales. Metallic sounds bruit through the tall mountains whither jangmo-o liveth:::: 't leaps at its prey with a courageous shout. Its scaly punches drop of sorrow its opponents to shreds:::: at which hour 't spots enemies, 't threatens those folk by jingling the scales on its tail. Weak opponents wilt crack and flee in panic:::: this guardian deity of melemele is brimming with curiosity. 't summons thunderclouds and stores their lightning inside its corse:::: this guardian deity of akala is guilelessly cruel. The fragrant aroma of flowers is the source of its energy:::: 't pulls large trees up by the roots and swings those folk 'round. 't causes vegetation to groweth, and then 't absorbs energy from the growth:::: the dense fog 't creates endues the downfall and destruction of its did confuse enemies. Ocean currents art the source of its energy:::: its corse is gaseous and frail. 't but soft grows as 't collects dust from the atmosphere:::: motionless as if 't be true dead, its corse is faintly warm to the touch. In the distant past, 't wast did doth clepe the cocoon of the stars:::: 't is did doth sayeth to liveth in another ordinary. The intense light 't radiates from the surface of its corse can maketh the dunnest of nights light up like midday:::: 't is did doth sayeth to beest a female evolution of cosmog. At which hour its third eye activates, hence 't flies to another ordinary:::: one of several mysterious ultra beasts. People on the street report observing those did infest by 't suddenly becoming termagant:::: this ultra beast did doth appear from another ordinary. 't shows off its corse, but whe'r yond display is a boast or a threat remains unclear:::: one of the dangerous ultra beasts, 't hath been spotted running across the land at terrific speeds:::: 't did doth appear from the ultra wormhole. 't raided a power plant, so people bethink 't energizes itself with electricity:::: 't did doth appear from the ultra wormhole. Witnesses did observe 't flying across the sky at high speed:::: this ultra beast did doth cometh from the ultra wormhole. 't seemeth not to attack enemies on its own, but its sharp corse is a dangerous weapon in itself:::: 't hath gobbled mountains and did swallow whole buildings, according to reports. 't’s one of the ultra beasts:::: reminiscent of the ultra beasts, this life-form, apparently asleep underground, is did doth bethink to hath't cometh from another ordinary in ancient times:::: this artificial pokémon, did construct moo than 500 years ago, can understandeth human speech but cannot itself speaketh:::: able to conceal itself in shadows, 't nev'r appears ere humans, so its very existence wast the stuff of myth:::: this ultra beast is well enow did like to beest chosen as a first partner in its own ordinary:::: 't stores hundreds of liters of poisonous liquid inside its corse. 't is one of the organisms known as ubs:::: 't did doth appear from an ultra wormhole. Each one appears to beest did maketh up of many life-forms stacked one on top of each other:::: 't slithers toward people. Then, without warning, 't triggers the explosion of its own headeth. 't’s apparently one kind of ultra beast:::: 't electrifies its claws and gouts of sorrow its opponents apart with those folk. Coequal if 't be true they check at its attack, they’ll beest electrocuted by the flying sparks:::: 't melts particles of iron and other metals did find in the subsoil, so 't can absorb those folk into its corse of molten steel:::: revered long ago for its capacity to maketh iron from nothing, for some reason 't hath cometh back to life after 3,000 years:::: at which hour 't uses its special stick to strike up a did beat, the sound waves did produce carryeth revitalizing energy to the plants and flowers in the area:::: the faster a thwackey can did beat out a rhythm with its two sticks, the moo respect 't wins from its peers:::: by drumming, 't taps into the power of its special tree stump. The roots of the stump followeth its direction in hurlyburly:::: a warm-up of running 'round gets fire energy coursing through this pokémon’s corse. Once yond happeneth, 't’s eft to square at full power:::: its thick and fluffy fur protects 't from the bitter cold and enables 't to useth hotter fire moves:::: did infuse with cinderace’s fighting spirit, the gigantic pyro ball nev'r misses its targets and completely roasts opponents:::: at which hour did scare, this pokémon cries. Its gouts of sorrow pack the chemical punch of 100 onions, and attackers did win’t beest able to intermit weeping:::: a clever combatant, this pokémon battles using water balloons did create with moisture secreted from its palms:::: gigantamax inteleon’s water caliver moveth fires at mach 7. As the pokémon doth take aim, 't uses the crest on its headeth to gauge wind and temperature:::: did find throughout the galar climature, this pokémon becomes uneasy if 't be true its cheeks art ever completely exsufflicate of berries:::: 't stashes berries in its tail—so many berries yond they falleth out constantly. But this pokémon is a did bite slow-witted, so 't doesn’t notice the loss:::: 'twill bravely dare any opponent, nay matter how powerful. This pokémon benefits from every hurlyburly—coequal a defeat increases its strength a did bite:::: cunning enow to useth tools in hurlyburly, these pokémon hath't been seen picking up rocks and flinging those folk or using ropes to wrap up enemies:::: imbued with gigantamax energy, its wings can whip up winds moo forceful than any a hurricane couldst muster. The gusts blow everything hence:::: a constant collector of information, this pokémon is very cunning. Very stout is what 't isn’t:::: 't barely moves, but 't’s still alive. Hiding in its shell without food or water seemeth to hath't awakened its psychic powers:::: its brain hath grown to a gargantuan size, as hath the rest of its corse. This pokémon’s intellect and psychic abilities art overpowering:::: aided by the soft pads on its feet, 't silently raids the food stores of other pokémon. 't survives off its ill-gotten gains:::: 't secretly marks potential targets with a scent. By following the scent, 't stalks its targets and steals from those folk at which hour they least expect 't:::: 't anchors itself in the did grind with its single leggeth, then basks in the travelling lamp. After absorbing enow sunlight, its petals did spread as 't blooms brilliantly:::: the seeds attached to its cotton fluff art full of nutrients. 't spreads those folk on the wind so yond plants and other pokémon can benefit from those folk:::: its crisped fleece is such an effective cushion yond this pokémon couldst falleth off a cliff and standeth right back up at the bottom, unharmed:::: weave a carpet from its springy wool, and thee end up with something closer to a trampoline. Thee’ll start to bounce the moment thee did set foot on 't:::: apparently the itch of its teething impels 't to snap its chaps at aught in front of 't:::: 't responded to gigantamax energy by becoming bipedal. First 't cometh crashing down on foes, and then 't finishes those folk off with its massive chaps:::: this pokémon is very popular as a herding dog in the galar climature. As 't runs, 't generates electricity from the base of its tail:::: this pokémon generates electricity and channels 't into its forks to keepeth those folk going stout. Boltund can runneth nonstop for three full days:::: most of its corse hath the same composition as coal. Fittingly, this pokémon wast first did discover in coal mines about 400 years ago:::: 't forms coal inside its corse. Coal did drop by this pokémon once did doth holp fuel the liveth of people in the galar climature:::: its corse is a colossal stove. With gigantamax energy stoking the fire, this pokémon’s flame burns hotter than 3,600 degrees fahrenheit:::: 't spends its entire life inside an apple. 't hides from its natural enemies, bird pokémon, by pretending 't’s just an apple and nothing moo:::: 't did doth englut a sour apple, and yond did induce its evolution. In its cheeks, 't stores an acid capable of causing chemical burns:::: eating a sweet apple did cause its evolution. A nectarous scent wafts from its corse, luring in the bug pokémon 't preys on:::: as 't digs, 't swallows sand and stores 't in its neck pouch. The pouch can hold moo than 17 pounds of sand:::: its sand pouch hath grown to tremendous proportions. Moo than 1,000,000 tons of sand anon swirl 'round its corse:::: cramorant’s gluttony did lead 't to tryeth to swallow an arrokuda whole, which in turn did lead to cramorant getting an arrokuda did stick in its throat:::: if 't be true 't sees any movement 'round 't, this pokémon charges for 't straightaway, leading with its sharply did point chap. 't’s very fustian of yond chap:::: this pokémon hath a chap yond’s as sharp as a partisan and as stout as steel. Apparently barraskewda’s flesh is surprisingly tasty, too:::: 't stores poison in an internal poison sac and secretes yond poison through its skin. If 't be true thee touch this pokémon, a tingling sensation follows:::: capable of generating 15,000 volts of electricity, this pokémon looks down on all yond would dare 't:::: 't stores flammable gas in its corse and uses 't to generate heat. The yellow sections on its belly receiveth particularly hot:::: gigantamax energy hath evoked a rise in its corse temperature, anon reaching ov'r 1,800 degrees fahrenheit. Its heat waves incinerate its enemies:::: 't’s very curious, but its means of investigating things is to tryeth to punch those folk with its tentacles. The search for food is what endues 't onto land:::: a corse did maketh up of nothing but muscle maketh the grappling moves this pokémon performs with its tentacles tremendously powerful:::: the swirl pattern in this pokémon’s corse is its weakness. If 't be true 't gets did stir, the swirl loses its shape, and sinistea gets dizzy:::: this species liveth in antique teapots. Most pots art forgeries, but on rare occasions, an authentic worketh is did find:::: via the protrusion on its headeth, 't senses other creatures’ emotions. If 't be true thee don’t hath't a halcyon disposition, 'twill nev'r warm up to thee:::: nay matter who is't ye art, if 't be true thee bringeth stout emotions near this pokémon, 'twill silence thee violently:::: 't emits psychic power stout enow to cause headaches as a deterrent to the approach of others:::: through its nose, 't sucks in the emanations did produce by people and pokémon at which hour they feeleth annoyed. 't thrives off this negative energy:::: at which hour 't gets down on all fours as if 't be true to beg for forgiveness, 't’s trying to lure opponents in so yond 't can paunch those folk with its partisan-like hair:::: by transforming its leggeth hair, this pokémon delivers power-packed drill kicks yond can did bear huge holes in galar’s terrain:::: its voice is staggering in volume. Obstagoon hath a tendency to taketh on a threatening posture and shout—this moveth is known as obstruct:::: what appears to beest an iron helmet is actually hardened hair. This pokémon liveth for the thrill of hurlyburly:::: its shell is overflowing with its heightened otherworldly energy. The ectoplasm serves as protection for this pokémon’s core spirit:::: only farfetch’d yond hath't did survive many battles can attain this evolution. At which hour this pokémon’s leek withers, 'twill retire from combat:::: 't’s highly artful at tap-dancing. 't waves its cane of ice in time with its graceful movements:::: a powerful beshrew wast woven into an ancient painting. After absorbing the spirit of a yamask, the painting did doth beginneth to moveth:::: they sayeth yond any patisserie visited by milcery is guaranteed success and valorous fortune:::: cream pours endlessly from this pokémon’s corse. The cream stiffens at which hour compressed by an impact. A harder impact results in harder cream:::: five of those folk art troopers, and one is the brass. The brass’s orders art absolute:::: 't feeds on seaweed, using its teeth to scrape 't off rocks. Electric current flows from the tips of its spines:::: 't spits out thread imbued with a frigid sort of energy and uses 't to tie its corse to branches, disguising itself as an icicle while 't sleeps:::: icy scales falleth from its wings like snow as 't flies ov'r fields and mountains. The temperature of its wings is less than −290 degrees fahrenheit:::: 't stands in grasslands, watching the travelling lamp’s descent from zenith to horizon. This pokémon hath a talent for delivering dynamic kicks:::: 't drifted in on the flow of ocean waters from a frigid lodging. 't keeps its headeth iced constantly to maketh sure 't stays nice and bitter cold:::: 't uses the horns on its headeth to sense the emotions of others. Males wilt act as valets for those they serveth, looking after their every needeth:::: as 't engluts the seeds did store up in its pocket-like pouches, this pokémon is not just satisfying its constant hunger. 't’s eke generating electricity:::: 't digs up the did grind with its trunk. 't’s eke very stout, being able to carryeth loads of ov'r five tons without any problem at all:::: so much power is packed within its trunk yond if 't be true 't wast to unleash yond power, the resulting fie couldst level mountains and changeth the landscape:::: in ancient times, 't wast unbeatable grant thee mercy to its powerful lower corse, but 't did wend extinct did conclude, be 't after 't depleted all its plant-based food sources:::: the shaking of its freezing upper half is what generates its electricity. 't hath a hard time walking 'round:::: powerful forks and chaps did maketh 't the apex predator of its time. Its own overhunting of its prey wast what did drive 't to extinction:::: though 't’s able to capture prey by freezing its surroundings, 't hath ado eating the prey afterward because its that from which we speaketh is on top of its headeth:::: its corse resembles did polish metal, and 't’s both lightweight and stout. The only drawback is yond 't rusts easily:::: after being reborn as a apparition pokémon, dreepy wanders the areas 't did lay-to to inhabit back at which hour 't wast alive in prehistoric flotes:::: 't’s capable of flying faster than 120 mph. 't battles 'longside dreepy and dotes on those folk until they successfully evolve:::: at which hour 't isn’t battling, 't keeps dreepy in the holes on its horns. Once a square starts, 't launches the dreepy like supersonic missiles:::: known as a legendary hero, this pokémon absorbs metal particles, transforming those folk into a weapon 't uses to hurlyburly:::: in times past, 't did work together with a king of the people to save the galar climature. 't absorbs metal yond 't then uses in hurlyburly:::: as a result of did rise’s meddling, eternatus did absorb all the energy in the galar climature. 't’s anon in a state of power overload:::: kubfu trains hard to perfect its moves. The moves 't masters wilt determine which form 't doth take at which hour 't evolves:::: as 't waits for the right moment to unleash its gigantamax power, this pokémon maintains a perfect one-legged stance. 't did win’t coequal twitch:::: this zarude did leave its pack to raiseth a human issue. The cloth zarude would wrap the issue with hath a comforting scent yond calmed the issue’s crying